S 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, DC 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   June 30, 2018    
  or 

Commission file number 001-36103 
  
  TECOGEN INC. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Delaware 
    04-3536131 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
    (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

45 First Avenue 
      
      Waltham, Massachusetts 
    02451 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (781) 466-6402 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes         No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes         No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer ,  smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
                     Large accelerated filer   o 
    Accelerated filer   o 
    Non  accelerated filer   o 
    Smaller reporting company   x 

Emerging Growth company   x 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         No     

TECOGEN INC. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED   JUNE 30, 2018    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                       PART I    - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  
     1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)   

June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017  
     1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited)  

Three Months Ended June 30, 2018 and 2017  
     2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited)  

Six Months Ended June 30, 2018 and 2017  
     3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  

Six Months Ended June 30, 2018 and 2017  
     4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
     5 

Item 2.   
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     16 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     22 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
     22 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
     22 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
     23 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
     24 

Signatures  
     Signature Page  
     26 

References in this Form 10-Q to "we", "us", "our"', the "Company" and "Tecogen" refers to Tecogen Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted. 

TECOGEN INC. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  Item 1 - Financial Statements 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.    
  
    1 

TECOGEN INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

2 

TECOGEN INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
    3 

TECOGEN INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
  
    4 

TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 1.     Description of Business and Basis of Presentation    
  Description of business 
  Tecogen Inc., or the Company, we, our or us produces commercial and industrial, natural-gas-fueled engine-driven, combined heat and power (CHP) products that reduce energy costs, decrease greenhouse gas emissions and alleviate congestion on the national power grid. The Company s products supply electric power or mechanical power for cooling, while heat from the engine is recovered and purposefully used at a facility.  The Company also installs, owns, operates and maintains complete energy systems and other complementary systems at customer sites and sells electricity, hot water, heat and cooling energy under long-term contracts at prices guaranteed to the customer to be below conventional utility rates.  
    The majority of the Company s customers are located in regions with the highest utility rates, typically California, the Midwest and the Northeast.  The Company's common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol TGEN. 
  On May 18, 2017, the Company acquired   100%   of the outstanding common stock of American DG Energy Inc., formerly a related entity, in a stock-for-stock merger (see   Note 4.     Acquisition of American DG Energy Inc.  ). 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2018  .  
  The condensed consolidated balance sheet at   December 31, 2017   has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  
  For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in Tecogen's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2017  . 
  There have been certain changes in accounting principles as discussed below in the section entitled "Significant New Accounting Standards Adopted this Period." 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and entities in which it has a controlling financial interest. Those entities include the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries American DG Energy Inc., TTcogen LLC, and a joint venture, American DG New York, LLC, in which American DG Energy Inc. holds a   51%   interest. Investments in partnerships and companies in which the Company does not have a controlling financial interest but where we have significant influence are accounted for under the equity method. Any intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
    
  The Company s operations are comprised of   two   business segments. Our Products and Services segment designs, manufactures and sells industrial and commercial cogeneration systems as described above. Our Energy Production segment sells energy in the form of electricity, heat, hot water and cooling to our customers under long-term sales agreements.  
  Reclassification  
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Income Taxes 
    The provisions for income taxes in the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations differ from that which would be expected by applying the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to losses for which no benefit is recognized. 
  
    5 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Significant New Accounting Standards Adopted this Period 
    Revenue Recognition.   In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standard update (ASU 2014-09) related to revenue from contracts with customers, which, along with amendments issued in 2015 and 2016, supersedes nearly all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminates industry-specific guidance. The underlying principle is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The Company adopted this accounting standard update on a modified retrospective basis in the first quarter of 2018. See   Note 2.  ,   Revenue   for further discussion. 
  Investments in Equity Securities.   In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update related to investments in equity securities requiring unrealized holding gains and losses to be included in net income. Prior to this update, unrealized holding gains and losses related to available-for-sale securities were included in accumulated other comprehensive income and not included in determining net income. This accounting standard update became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2018 and is applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of January 1, 2018. The Company adopted this accounting standard update in the first quarter of 2018 which resulted in reclassification of   $165,317   of cumulative unrealized holding losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss to accumulated deficit. The future impact of recognizing unrealized holding gains or losses in net income is dependent on the movement in the stock prices related to such investments.  
    
  Significant New Accounting Standards or Updates Not Yet Effective 
    
  Leases     In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update related to leases requiring lessees to recognize operating and financing lease liabilities on the balance sheet, as well as corresponding right-of-use assets. The new lease standard also makes some changes to lessor accounting and aligns key aspects of the lessor accounting model with the revenue recognition standard. In addition, disclosures will be required to enable users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The accounting standard update will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on a modified retrospective basis, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on its consolidated financial statements.       

Note 2.     Revenue    
    
  Revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with our customer are satisfied; generally this occurs with the transfer of control of our products, services and energy production. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services or energy to customers.  
    
  Shipping and handling fees billed to customers in a sales transaction are recorded in revenue and shipping and handling costs incurred are recorded in cost of sales. The Company has elected to exclude from revenue any value add sales and other taxes which it collects concurrent with revenue-producing activities. These accounting policy elections are consistent with the manner in which the Company historically recorded shipping and handling fees and taxes. Incremental costs incurred by us in obtaining a contract with a customer are negligible, if any, and are expensed ratably in proportion to the related revenue recognized. 
    
  The application of ASU 2014-09 did not have an impact upon adoption or on the amounts reported for the interim period ended   June 30, 2018   as compared with the guidance that was in effect before the adoption and application of ASU 2014-09. 
    
  Disaggregated Revenue 
    
  In general, the Company's business segmentation is aligned according to the nature and economic characteristics of its products and customer relationships and provides meaningful disaggregation of each business segment's results of operations.  

6 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

The following table further disaggregates our revenue by major source by segment for the three and   six months ended     June 30, 2018  . 

Product and Services Segment 
    
  Products.   We transfer control and generally recognize a sale when we ship a product from our manufacturing facility at which point a customer takes ownership of the product. Payment terms on product sales are generally   30   days.  
    
  We recognize revenue in certain circumstances before delivery to the customer has occurred (commonly referred to as bill and hold transactions). We recognize revenue related to such transactions once, among other things, the customer has made a written fixed commitment to purchase the product(s) under normal billing and credit terms, the customer has requested the product(s) be held for future delivery as scheduled and designated by them, risk of ownership has been assumed by the customer, and the product(s) are tagged as sold and segregated for storage awaiting further direction from the customer. Due to the infrequent nature and duration of bill and hold arrangements, the value associated with custodial storage services is deemed immaterial in the context of the contract and in total, and accordingly, none of the transaction price is allocated to such service. 
    
  Depending on the product and terms of the arrangement, we may defer the recognition of a portion of the transaction price received because we have to satisfy a future obligation (e.g., product start-up service). Amounts allocated to product start-up services are recognized as revenue when the start-up service has been completed. We use an observable selling price to determine standalone selling prices where available and either a combination of an adjusted market assessment approach, an expected cost plus a margin approach, and/or a residual approach to determine the standalone selling prices for separate performance obligations as a basis for allocating contract consideration when an observable selling price is not available. Amounts received but not recognized pending completion of performance are recognized as contract liabilities and are recorded as deferred revenue along with deposits by customers.  
    
  Installation Services.   We provide both complete turnkey installation services and what we refer to as light installation services. Complete turnkey installation services typically include all necessary engineering and design, labor, subcontract labor and service, and ancillary products and parts necessary to install a cogeneration unit including integration into the customers  existing electrical and mechanical systems. Light installation services typically include some engineering and design as well as certain ancillary products and parts necessary for the customers  installation of a cogeneration unit. 
    
  Under light installation contracts, revenue related to ancillary products and parts is recognized when we transfer control of such items to the customer, generally when we ship them from our manufacturing facility, with revenue related to engineering and design services being recognized at the point where the customer can benefit from the service, generally as completed. Generally billings under light installation contracts are made when shipped and/or completed, with payment terms generally being   30   days. 

7 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Under complete turnkey installation service contracts revenue is recognized over time using the percentage-of-completion method determined on a cost to cost basis. Our performance obligation under such contracts is satisfied progressively over time as enhancements are made to customer owned and controlled properties. We measure progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation based on an input method based on cost which we believe is the most faithful depiction of the transfer of products and services to the customer under these contracts.  When the financial metrics of a contract indicate a loss, our policy is to record the entire expected loss as soon as it is known. Contract costs and profit recognized to date under the percentage-of-completion method in excess of billings are recognized as contract assets and are recorded as unbilled revenue. Billings in excess of contract costs and profit are recognized as contract liabilities and are recorded as deferred revenue. Generally billings under complete turnkey installation contracts are made when contractually determined milestones of progress have been achieved, with payment terms generally being   30   days. 
    
  Maintenance Services.   Maintenance services are provided under either long-term maintenance contracts or one-time maintenance contracts. Revenue under one-time maintenance contracts is recognized when the maintenance service is completed. Revenue under long-term maintenance contracts is recognized either ratably over the term of the contract where the contract price is fixed or when the periodic maintenance activities are completed where the invoiced cost to the customer is based on run hours or kilowatts produced in a given period. We use an output method to measure progress towards completion of our performance obligation which results in the recognition of revenue on the basis of a direct measurement of the value to the customer of the services transferred to date relative to the remaining services promised under the contract. We use the practical expedient at ASC 606-10-55-18 of recognizing revenue in an amount equal to that amount to which we have the right to invoice the customer under the contract. 
    
  Energy Production Segment 
    
    Energy Production.   Revenue from energy contracts is recognized when electricity, heat, hot and/or chilled water is produced by the Company owned on-site cogeneration systems. Each month we bill the customer and recognize revenue for the various forms of energy delivered, based on meter readings which capture the quantity of the various forms of energy delivered in a given month, under a contractually defined formula which takes into account the current month's cost of energy from the local power utility.  
    
  As the various forms of energy delivered by us under energy production contracts are simultaneously delivered and consumed by the customer, our performance obligation under these contracts is considered to be satisfied over time. We use an output method to measure progress towards completion of our performance obligation which results in the recognition of revenue on the basis of a direct measurement of the value to the customer of the services transferred to date relative to the remaining services promised under the contract. We use the practical expedient at ASC 606-10-55-18 of recognizing revenue in an amount equal to that amount to which we have the right to invoice the customer under the contract. Payment terms on invoices under these contracts are generally   30   days.  
    
  Contract Balances 
    
  The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections result in billed accounts receivable, unbilled revenue (contract assets) and deferred revenue, consisting of customer deposits and billings in excess of revenue recognized (contract liabilities) on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 
    
  Revenue recognized during the quarter ended   June 30, 2018   that was included in unbilled revenue at the beginning of the period was approximately   $1.5 million  .  Approximately   $1.7 million   of revenue was billed in this period that had been recognized in previous periods.  
    
  Revenue recognized during the quarter ended   June 30, 2018   that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the period was approximately   $1.1 million  . 
    
  The increase in the deferred revenue balance during the quarter ended   June 30, 2018   is primarily a result of   $1.1 million   of revenue recognized during the period that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the quarter, offset by cash payments of   $1.7 million   received in advance of satisfying performance obligations. 
    
  Remaining Performance Obligations 
    
  Remaining performance obligations related to ASC 606 represent the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations with an original contract term greater than one year, excluding certain maintenance contracts and all energy production contracts where a direct measurement of the value to the customer is used as a method of measuring progress  
  
    8 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

towards completion of our performance obligation. Exclusion of these remaining performance obligations is due in part to the inability to quantify values based on unknown future levels of delivery and in some cases rates used to bill customers. Remaining performance obligations therefore consist of unsatisfied or partially satisfied performance obligations related to fixed price maintenance contracts and installation contracts. 
    
  As of   June 30, 2018  , the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was approximately   $12.7 million  . The Company expects to recognize revenue of approximately   96%   of the remaining performance obligations over the next 24 months,   58%   recognized in the first 12 months and   38%   recognized over the subsequent 12 months, and the remainder recognized thereafter. 

Note 3.      Loss Per Common Share    
  Basic and diluted income (loss) per share for the three and    six months ended     June 30, 2018   and   2017  , respectively, were as follows:  

Note 4.      Acquisition of American DG Energy Inc.    
    
    On May 18, 2017, we completed our acquisition, by means of a stock-for-stock merger, of   100%   of the outstanding common shares of American DG Energy Inc. ( American DG Energy" or "ADGE ), a company which installs, owns, operates and maintains complete distributed generation of electricity systems, or DG systems or energy systems, and other complementary systems at customer sites and sells electricity, hot water, heat and cooling energy under long-term contracts at prices guaranteed to the customer to be below conventional utility rates, by means of a merger of one of our wholly owned subsidiaries with and into ADGE such that ADGE became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tecogen. We acquired ADGE to, among other reasons, expand our product offerings and benefit directly from the long-term contracted revenue streams generated by these installations. We gained control of ADGE on May 18, 2017 by issuing common stock of the Company to the prior stockholders of ADGE. 
    
  We have included the financial results of ADGE in our condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. For the   six   months ended   June 30, 2018  , ADGE contributed   $3,290,760   to our total revenues and   $1,305,384   to our gross profit. For the quarter ended   June 30, 2018  , ADGE contributed   $1,508,225   to our total revenues and   $668,504   to our gross profit. 
  Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information  
  The unaudited pro forma financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations for Tecogen and ADGE as though the companies were combined as of the beginning of fiscal 2017. The pro forma financial information for all periods presented also includes the business combination accounting effects resulting from the acquisition including amortization charges and credits from acquired intangible assets and liabilities (certain of which are preliminary), and depreciation adjustments related to fair value as though the aforementioned companies were combined as of the beginning of fiscal 2017. The pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of fiscal 2017.  
  
    9 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

One-time acquisition-related expenses related to the merger incurred during the three and six-month periods ended   June 30, 2017   are not included in the unaudited pro forma financial information as they are not expected to have a continuing impact on the consolidated results.  

Note 5.      Property, Plant and Equipment    
    
  Property, plant and equipment at   June 30, 2018   and   December 31, 2017   consisted of the following: 

* Lesser of estimated useful life of asset or lease term 
  Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment for the three and   six months ended     June 30, 2018   and   2017   was   $402,336   and   $830,416   and   $289,339   and   $330,808  , respectively.  

Note 6.      Intangible Assets and Liabilities Other Than Goodwill    
    
  As of   June 30, 2018   and   December 31, 2017   the Company had the following amounts related to intangible assets and liabilities other than goodwill: 

The aggregate amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities exclusive of contract related intangibles for the three and   six months ended     June 30, 2018   and   2017   was   $26,473   and   $51,376  , and   $24,827   and   $49,655  , respectively.  
  
    10 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

The net credit to cost of sales related to the amortization of contract related intangible assets and liabilities for the three and   six months ended     June 30, 2018   and   2017   was   $216,107   and   $444,166  , and   $137,587   and   $137,587  , respectively. 
    
  Favorable/Unfavorable Contract Assets and Liabilities 
    
  The favorable contract asset and unfavorable contract liability in the foregoing table represent the estimated fair value of American DG Energy's customer contracts (both positive for favorable contracts and negative for unfavorable contracts) which were acquired by the Company in May 2017 (see   Note 4.     Acquisition of American DG Energy Inc.  ).  
    
  Amortization of intangibles including contract related amounts is calculated using the straight-line method over the remaining useful life or contract term. Aggregate future amortization over the next five years is estimated to be as follows: 

Note 7.      Stock-Based Compensation    
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  The Company adopted a 2006 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, or the Plan, under which the Board of Directors may grant incentive or non-qualified stock options and stock grants to key employees, directors, advisors and consultants of the Company.  The Plan was amended at various dates by the Board of Directors to increase the reserved shares of common stock issuable under the Plan to   3,838,750   as of   June 30, 2018  , or the Amended Plan. 
  Stock options vest based upon the terms within the individual option grants, with an acceleration of the unvested portion of such options upon a change in control event, as defined in the Amended Plan.  The options are not transferable except by will or domestic relations order.  The option price per share under the Amended Plan cannot be less than the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of the grant.  The number of shares remaining available for future issuance under the Amended Plan as of   June 30, 2018   was   1,973,236  . 
  Stock option activity for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   was as follows:  

Consolidated stock-based compensation expense for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   and   2017   was   $78,478   and   $97,684  , respectively.  No tax benefit was recognized related to the stock-based compensation recorded during the periods. 

Note 8.      Fair Value Measurements    
    
  The fair value topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The accounting guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available, and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
  
    11 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Level 1   - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The Company currently does not have any Level 1 financial assets or liabilities. 
    
  Level 2 -   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in non-active markets, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. The Company has Level 2 financial assets and liabilities as provided below. 
    
  Level 3   - Unobservable inputs reflecting management s own assumptions about the input used in pricing the asset or liability. The Company does not currently have any Level 3 financial assets or liabilities. 
    
  The following table presents the asset reported in the consolidated balance sheet measured at its fair value on a recurring basis as of   June 30, 2018   by level within the fair value hierarchy.  

The Company utilizes a Level 2 category fair value measurement to value its investment in EuroSite Power as a marketable equity security at period end. That measurement is equal to the quoted market closing price at period end. Since this security is not actively traded the Company classifies it as Level 2. 
    
  The following table summarizes changes in Level 2 assets which are comprised of marketable equity securities for the period: 

Note 9.     Revolving Line of Credit, Bank    
    
  On May 4, 2018 ("Closing Date") the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, American DG Energy Inc. and TTcogen LLC (collectively, the "Borrowers"), entered into a Credit Agreement with Webster Business Credit Corporation (the "Lender") that matures in May 2021 and provides Borrowers a line of credit of up to   $10 million   on a revolving and secured basis, with availability based on certain accounts receivables, raw materials, and finished goods. 
    
  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Borrower's option, either (1) One Month LIBOR, plus   3.00%  , or (2) Lender s Base Rate, plus   1.5%  .  Lender s Base Rate is defined as the highest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus   0.5%  , (b) Lender s Prime Rate as adjusted by Lender from time to time, and (c) One Month LIBOR, plus   2.75%  . 
    
  The Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries, which include, among other things, restrictions on their ability to (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) make certain investments, (iii) acquire other entities, (iv) dispose of assets and (v) make certain payments including those related to dividends or repurchase of equity. The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants including maintaining a fixed charge  
  
    12 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

coverage ratio of not less than   1.10  :1.00 and the Company may not make any financed capital expenditures in excess of   $500,000   in the aggregate in any fiscal year. 
    
  The   $145,011   of costs incurred in connection with the issuance of the revolving credit facility were capitalized and are being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over   three   years based on the contractual term of the Agreement. As of   June 30, 2018  , the unamortized portion of debt issuance cost related to the Credit Agreement was   $136,955   and is included as a reduction to the revolving line of credit in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
   
  Note 10.      Commitments and Contingencies    
    The Company guarantees certain obligations of a former subsidiary of American DG Energy, EuroSite Power Inc. These guarantees include a payment performance guarantee in respect of collateralized equipment financing loans, with a remaining principal amount outstanding subject to the guarantee at   June 30, 2018   of approximately   $245,725   due ratably in equal installments through September 2021, and certain guarantees of performance in respect of certain customer contracts. Based on current conditions, the Company does not believe there to be any amounts probable of payment by the Company under any of the guarantees and has estimated the value associated with the non-contingent aspect of the guarantees is approximately   $10,000   which is recorded as a liability in the accompanying financial statements. 
  Legal Proceedings 
  The Company is a party to a pending action in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, described below, related to the merger with ADGE.  
  Massachusetts Superior Court Action 
  On or about February 6, 2017, ADGE, John Hatsopoulos, George N. Hatsopoulos, Charles T. Maxwell, Deanna M. Petersen, Christine Klaskin, John Rowe, Joan Giacinti, Elias Samaras, Tecogen, and the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that merged with ADGE ("Merger Sub") were served with a Verified Complaint by William C. May ("May"), individually and on behalf of the other shareholders of ADGE as a class. The action was commenced in the Business Litigation Session of the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Civil Action No. 17-0390.  The complaint alleged class action claims arising out of the proposed Merger.  On May 31, 2017, May voluntarily dismissed the action and consolidated his claims with the pending federal action in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, described below.  If the complaint in the federal court is dismissed, it is possible that May or another plaintiff will recommence an action in state court with similar claims to those asserted by May. 
  United States District Court Action 
  On or about February 15, 2017, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts by Lee Vardakas ( Vardakas ), individually and on behalf of other stockholders of ADGE, naming ADGE, John N. Hatsopoulos, George N. Hatsopoulos, Benjamin Locke, Charles T. Maxwell, Deanna M. Petersen, Christine M. Klaskin, John Rowe, Joan Giacinti, Elias Samaras, Tecogen., Merger Sub., and Cassel Salpeter and Co., LLC, as defendants (the "Defendants").  The action is captioned   Vardakas v. American DG Energy, Inc.  , Case No. 17-CV-10247(LTS).  At the time Vardakas commenced the action, his complaint challenged the proposed Merger between Tecogen and ADGE.   
  Following the consummation of the Merger (and the appointment of May, from the Massachusetts Superior Court Action, as lead plaintiff), Vardakas filed an Amended Class Action Complaint (the  Amended Complaint ).  The Amended Complaint discontinued the claims against Cassel Salpeter   Co., LLC but asserted against the remaining defendants claims under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and SEC Rule 14a-9; claims against certain defendants for control person liability under   20(a) of the Exchange Act (collectively, the  Federal Securities Law Claims  and common law claims for breach of fiduciary duty and aiding and abetting (the  State Law Claims ).  The Federal Securities Law Claims allege, in substance, that defendants made material nondisclosure in the proxy statement about the process leading to the Merger and about the fairness opinion relied upon by ADGE s Board of Directors in recommending the Merger to shareholders.   The State Law Claims assert, in substance, that defendants breached their fiduciary duties in negotiating and approving the Merger, which, plaintiff claims, deprived ADGE s nonaffiliated shareholders of fair value for their shares.   
  On July 19, 2017, defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint.  In their motion papers, defendants contended that the Federal Securities Law Claims are not sufficiently pleaded and fail to state a viable claim.  
  On February 28, 2018, the parties presented their oral arguments on the defendant's motion to dismiss. On March 2, 2018, the district court rendered its decision, dismissing the Federal Securities Law Claims, but retaining the State Law Claims. The district court exercised supplemental jurisdiction over the State Law Claims and ordered the Defendants to file an answer to the Amended Complaint addressing the State Law Claims. On March 12, 2018, the Defendants filed their first answer. On  
  
    13 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

May 2, 2018, the Defendants filed their amended answer to assert further defenses, and the judge in the district court ordered the parties to hold a mediation session.  
  On May 21, 2018, defendants filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings. Plaintiff filed a reply brief and the parties are awaiting a decision.  On July 6, 2018 plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification, and defendants filed a reply brief on August 6, 2018. Plaintiff has until September 6, 2018 to file a reply brief regarding class certification.  
  The Company believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend vigorously.  The Amended Complaint does not specify the amount of damages claimed and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is not reasonably estimable. 
   
  Note 11.      Related Party Transactions    
  In January of 2017, prior to its acquisition of American DG Energy, the Company purchased a large quantity of used equipment from American DG Energy for approximately   $985,000  .  Tecogen has sold a majority of this equipment to specific customers during the previous quarters. 
  In connection with the acquisition of American DG Energy, the Company assumed a loan from John N. Hatsopoulos, the Company's former Co-Chief Executive Officer and a former Company Director. The loan is in the amount of   $850,000   and bore interest at   6%  , payable quarterly. On May 4, 2018, the Company, through payment of   $919,590  , terminated the loan and all obligations under the loan.  
  Ultra Emissions Technologies Ltd. ("Ultratek") 
  By unanimous written consent on October 24, 2017, the shareholders of Ultratek voted to dissolve Ultratek, thus terminating the joint venture agreement dated December 28, 2015 and the license agreement between the Company and Ultratek. This joint venture agreement and license agreement is described in its entirety on the Company's Form 8-K that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2015. 
  Pursuant to the unanimous shareholder consent dissolving Ultratek, the Company received its full   $2,000,000   investment in Ultratek upon the completion of the liquidation process. Further, upon termination of the license agreement all intellectual property immediately reverted to the Company. Upon dissolution, the Company purchased all of the remaining assets of Ultratek, including new intellectual property that Ultratek developed and other assets, for a total purchase price of   $400,000  .  
  TTcogen LLC  
  On May 19, 2016, the Company along with Tedom a.s., a corporation incorporated in the Czech Republic and a European combined heat and power product manufacturer ("Tedom"), entered into a joint venture, where the Company held a   50%   participating interest and the remaining   50%   interest was held by Tedom.  As part of the joint venture, the parties agreed to create a Delaware limited liability company, TTcogen LLC ("TTcogen"), to carry out the business of the venture.  Tedom granted TTcogen the sole and exclusive right to market, sell, offer for sale, and distribute certain products as agreed to by the parties throughout the United States.  The product offerings of the joint venture expanded the current Tecogen product offerings to the MicroCHP of 35kW to large 4,000kW plants.  Tecogen agreed to refer all appropriate sale leads to TTcogen regarding certain products and Tecogen would have the first right to repair and maintain the products sold by TTcogen. 
    
  Until the Company acquired the assets of TTcogen, the Company accounted for its interest in TTcogen's operations using the equity method of accounting.  Any initial operating losses of TTcogen were borne and funded by Tedom. To the extent any such losses were borne and funded solely by Tedom, the Company did not recognize any portion of such losses given the Company did not guarantee the obligations of the joint venture nor is it committed to provide funding to the joint venture.  
    
  On September 22, 2017, the Company provided written notice to Tedom and Tedom USA Inc., a Delaware subsidiary of Tedom ( Tedom USA ) that the Company is exercising its rights under the Joint Venture Agreement dated May 19, 2016 ("JVA") and the TTcogen LLC Operating Agreement ("LLC Operating Agreement"), of the immediate termination of the JVA and LLC Operating Agreement. This notice began the dissolution process under the LLC Operating Agreement.  
    
  On March 27, 2018, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Wind-Down Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) among the Company, Tedom, Tedom USA, and TTcogen. The Purchase Agreement follows the mutual agreement of the parties to terminate the joint venture between the Company and Tedom that resulted in the creation of TTcogen, and implements the acquisition by the Company of Tedom USA s   50%   membership interest in TTcogen for a purchase price of   one   dollar, plus   $72,597  , which represents a portion of Tedom USA's initial investment in TTcogen, minus certain adjustments. 
  
    14 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

The Purchase Agreement also grants TTcogen and the Company the exclusive right to market, sell, and distribute Tedom s Micro T35 combined heat and power equipment within an agreed territory in the northeastern United States under certain conditions, and limits the Company s right to sell certain competing products. The Company will provide services for Tedom equipment sold by TTcogen or the Company.  
    
  The acquisition of Tedom's   50%   membership interest for   $72,598   was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, and not a business combination, due to the lack of an assembled workforce. The Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2017-01 "Business Combinations - Clarifying the Definition of a Business" at the beginning of 2018, which require, at a minimum, the presence of an input and substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create an output.  The lack of an assembled workforce results in the non presence of a substantive process. The following represents the consideration for and the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed recognized at the acquisition date: 

The intangible asset represents contract backlog related to acquired contracts. The value assigned to contract backlog was determined based on the result of a discounted cash flow analysis, which resultant value was capped so as to preclude recognition of any amount in excess of cost after considering the fair values assigned to other assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
   
  Note 12.      Segments     
  As of   June 30, 2018  , the Company was organized into   two   operating segments through which senior management evaluates the Company s business. These segments, as described in more detail in Note 1, are organized around the products and services provided to customers and represent the Company s reportable segments. Prior to the acquisition of ADGE (see Note 4.  Acquisition of American DG Energy Inc. ), the Company s operations were comprised of a single segment. The following table presents information by reportable segment for the three and   six months ended     June 30, 2018   and   2017  :  
  
    15 

    TECOGEN INC. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 13.     Subsequent Events    
    The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of this filing and determined that, other than the events discussed in   Note 10.     Commitments and Contingencies  , no other material subsequent events occurred that would require recognition in the consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the notes thereto. 

16 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  Forward-looking statements are made throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.  Without limiting the foregoing, the words  believes,   anticipates,   plans,   expects,   seeks,   estimates  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding our current and future cash requirements, our expectations regarding suppliers of cogeneration units, and statements regarding potential financing activities in the future.  While the Company may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so, even if the Company s estimates change, and readers should not rely on those forward-looking statements as representing the Company s views as of any date subsequent to the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report.  There are a number of important factors that could cause the actual results of the Company to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including those detailed under the heading  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report. 
    
  Overview 
    
  Tecogen designs, manufactures and sells industrial and commercial cogeneration systems that produce combinations of electricity, hot water and air conditioning using automotive engines that have been specially adapted to run on natural gas.  In some cases, our customers may choose to have the Company engineer and install the system for them rather than simply purchase the cogeneration and/or chiller units, which we refer to as "turnkey" projects.  Cogeneration systems are efficient because in addition to supplying mechanical energy to power electric generators or compressors   displacing utility supplied electricity   they provide an opportunity for the facility to incorporate the engine s waste heat into onsite processes, such as space and portable water heating.  We produce standardized, modular, small-scale products, with a limited number of product configurations that are adaptable to multiple applications.  We refer to these combined heat and power products as CHP (electricity plus heat) and MCHP (mechanical power plus heat). 
    
  Our products are sold directly to end-users by our in-house marketing team and by established sales agents and representatives. We have agreements in place with distributors and sales representatives. Our existing customers include hospitals and nursing homes, colleges and universities, health clubs and spas, hotels and motels, office and retail buildings, food and beverage processors, multi-unit residential buildings, laundries, ice rinks, swimming pools, factories, municipal buildings, military installations and indoor growing facilities. We have an installed base of more than 3,000 units. Many of these have been operating for almost 35 years.  
    
  With the acquisition of American DG Energy Inc. ("ADGE") in May 2017, we added an additional source of revenue. Through ADGE, we install, own, operate and maintain complete distributed generation of electricity systems, or DG systems or energy systems, and other complementary systems at customer sites, and sell electricity, hot water, heat and cooling energy under long-term contracts at prices guaranteed to the customer to be below conventional utility rates. Each month we obtain readings from our energy meters to determine the amount of energy produced for each customer. We use a contractually defined formula to multiply these readings by the appropriate published price of energy (electricity, natural gas or oil) from each customer's local energy utility, to derive the value of our monthly energy sale, which includes a negotiated discount. Our revenues per customer on a monthly basis vary based on the amount of energy produced by our energy systems and the published price of energy (electricity, natural gas or oil) from our customer's local energy utility that month. As of   June 30, 2018  , we had   81   operational energy systems, representing an aggregate of approximately 5,035 kilowatts, or kW, 39.0 million British thermal units, or MMBtu's of heat and hot water and 4,660 tons of cooling. kW is a measure of electricity generated, MMBtu is a measure of heat generated and a ton is a measure of cooling generated.  
    
  The Company s operations are comprised of two business segments. Our Products and Services segment ("Segment 1") designs, manufactures and sells industrial and commercial cogeneration systems as described above. Our Energy Production segment ("Segment 2") sells energy in the form of electricity, heat, hot water and cooling to our customers under long-term sales agreements.  
    
  In addition to being a smaller reporting company, Tecogen is an emerging growth company as that term is defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (JOBS Act). 

17 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Results of Operations  

Second Quarter   of   2018   Compared to   Second Quarter   of   2017    
    
  Revenues  
    
  Total revenues in the   second   quarter of   2018   were   $8,453,165   compared to   $7,590,540   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $862,625   or   11.4%  .   
    
  Segment 1 - Product and Services 
    
  Product revenues in the   second   quarter of   2018   were   $2,483,657   compared to   $3,116,198   for the same period in   2017  ,   a decrease   of   $632,541   or   20.3%  .  This   decrease   was the aggregate of a decrease in cogeneration sales of   $549,594   and a decrease in chiller sales of   $82,947  , year over year.  Service revenues in the   second   quarter of   2018   were $  4,461,283   compared to   $3,700,150   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $761,133   or   20.6%  .  This   increase   in the   second   quarter is due to   an increase   in installation activity of   $819,391   and   a decrease   of   $58,258   in service contract revenues. 
    
  Segment 2 - Energy Production 
    
  Energy production revenues in the   second   quarter of   2018   were   $1,508,225  , which represents energy revenues earned during the quarter by our American DG Energy sites. Since ADGE was acquired during the second quarter of 2017, the second quarter of 2017 represented a partial quarter. 
    
  Cost of Sales 
    
  Cost of sales in the   second   quarter of   2018   was   $5,293,571   compared to   $4,603,918   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $689,653  , or   15.0%  .  
       
  Segment 1 - Product and Services 
    
    Cost of sales for product and services in the   second   quarter of   2018   was   $4,453,850   compared to   $4,273,375   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $180,475   or   4.2%  . During the   second   quarter our overall gross margin for our product and services segment was   35.9%   compared to   37.3%   for the same period in   2017  ,   a decrease   of   3.8%  . This decrease is mostly due to a change in service mix. 
    
  Segment 2 - Energy Production 
    
  Cost of sales for energy production in the   second   quarter of   2018   was   $839,721   which represents the cost associated with energy revenues earned during the quarter. During this period our gross margin for energy production was   44.3%  .  During the   second   quarter of   2017  , cost of sales for energy production was   $330,543  . Since ADGE was acquired during the second quarter of 2017, the second quarter of 2017 represented a partial quarter. 
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  General and administrative expenses consist of executive staff, accounting and legal expenses, office space, general insurance and other administrative expenses.  General and administrative expenses for the quarter ended   June 30, 2018   were   $2,750,705   compared to   $2,406,244   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $344,461   or   14.3%  .  The increase was due to a full quarter of additional expenses from the operation of the ADGE sites, from the acquisition of ADGE, increased insurance costs and employee and employee benefits costs. 
    
  Selling expenses consist of sales staff, commissions, marketing, travel and other selling related expenses.  Selling expenses for the   second   quarter of   2018   were   $635,396   compared to   $607,511   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $27,885   or   4.6%  .  This difference is due to a larger sales force and increased trade show and sales activities.  
    
  Research and development expenses consist of engineering and technical staff, materials, outside consulting and other related expenses.  Research and development expenses in the quarter ended   June 30, 2018   were   $409,779   compared to   $218,724   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $191,055   or   87.3%  .  This   increase   was due to the Company's cost sharing in connection with a research and development grant pertaining to the potential commercialization of the Company's Ultera emissions technology for certain non-stationary applications.  
  
    18 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Loss from Operations 
    
  Loss from operations for the   second   quarter of   2018   was   $636,286   compared to   $245,857   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $390,429  .  The increase was a result of increased operating expenses discussed above.  Loss from operations for the   second   quarter of   2018   included non-recurring merger related expenses of   $96,800   in connection with litigation and depreciation and amortization expense on the energy producing sites of   $106,531  .  
    
  Other Income (Expense), net 
    
  Other expense, net for the   three months ended     June 30, 2018   was   $64,014   compared to   $30,685   for the same period in   2017  .  Other income (expense) includes interest and other income and expense of   $4,830  , interest expense of   $9,802   and an unrealized loss from market value fluctuation of our investment in EuroSite Power Inc.'s common stock of   $59,042   for the   second   quarter of   2018  .  For the same period in   2017  , interest and other income and expense was   $7,397   and interest expense was   $38,082  .  
    
  Provision for state income taxes 
    
  The provision for state income taxes in the   second   quarter of   2018   was   $38,864   and represents estimated income tax payments to various states for   2018   as well as payments made with the extension of the state income tax returns for the year ended   2017  . 
    
  Noncontrolling Interest 
    
  The income attributable to the noncontrolling interest was   $15,186   and   $16,998   for the   three months ended     June 30, 2018   and   2017  , which represents the noncontrolling interest portion of American DG Energy's 51% owned subsidiary, ADGNY, LLC.  
    
  Net Loss Attributable to Tecogen Inc. and Comprehensive Loss 
    
  Net loss attributable to Tecogen Inc. for the   three months ended     June 30, 2018   was   $754,350   compared to   $293,540   for the same period in   2017  , respectively an increase of   $460,810  , year over year.  Comprehensive loss for the   three months ended     June 30, 2017   was   $517,899  , a difference of   $236,451   when compared to net loss attributable to the Company for the same period in   2018  , due to the unrealized loss on marketable equity securities in addition to the increased operating expenses discussed above. 

First   Six   Months of   2018   Compared to First   Six   Months of   2017    
    
  Revenues 
    
  Total revenues for the   first six months   of   2018   were   $18,628,592   compared to   $14,437,305   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $4,191,287   or   29.0%  . 
    
  Segment 1 - Product and Services 
    
  Product revenues in the   first six months   of   2018   were   $6,157,163   compared to   $5,923,543   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $233,620   or   3.9%  .This increase was a combination of an increase in chiller sales of    $1,315,393   and a decrease in cogeneration sales of   $1,081,773  . Service revenues in the   first six months   of   2018   were   $9,180,669  , compared to   $7,739,570   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $1,441,099   or   18.6%  . This increase in the   first six months   of   2018   is due to an increase in installation activity of   $1,543,352   and a decrease of   $102,253   in service contract revenues. 
    
  Segment 2 - Energy Production 
    
  Energy production revenues in the   first six months   of   2018   were   $3,290,760  , compared to   $774,192   for the same period in   2017  . The   2017   energy production revenue represents revenues earned after May 19, 2017, the day after the acquisition of American DG Energy through   June 30, 2017  .        

19 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Cost of Sales 
    
  Cost of sales in the   first six months   of   2018   was   $11,631,195   compared to   $8,536,012   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $3,095,183  , or   36.3%  . 
    
  Segment 1 - Product and Services 
    
  Cost of sales for product and services in the   first six months   of   2018   was   $9,645,819   compared to   $8,205,469   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $1,440,350   or   17.6%  . During the   first six months   of   2018  , our product and service gross margin was   37.1%   compared to   39.9%   for the same period in   2017  , a   3%   decrease. The decrease in margin was a result of the increase in lower margin installation revenue as well as a slight decrease in product margins. 
    
  Segment 2 - Energy Production      
    
  Cost of sales for energy production in the   first six months   of   2018   was   $1,985,376   compared to   $330,543   for the same period in   2017  . The   2017   cost of sales represents costs associated with energy revenues earned from May 19, 2017, the date after acquisition of American DG Energy through   June 30, 2017  . During this period our gross margin for energy production was   39.7%   for   2018   compared to   57.3%   for   2017  , with 2017 being an unusually high margin. 
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  General and administrative expenses consist of executive staff, accounting and legal expenses, office space, general insurance and other administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   were   $5,540,255   compared to   $4,615,148   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $925,107   or   20.0%  . The   increase   was mainly due to the increased salaries and overhead added as a result of the merger with ADGE in May 2017, with the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   including a full six months of ADGE revenue and expense with the same period in    2017   including only approximately six weeks. 
    
  Selling expenses consist of sales staff, commissions, marketing, travel and other selling related expenses. Selling expenses for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   were   $1,310,514   compared to   $1,054,963   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $255,551   or   24.2%  . The   increase   is due to a larger sales force and increased trade show and sales activities.  
    
  Research and development expenses consist of engineering and technical staff, materials, outside consulting and other related expenses. Research and development expenses for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   were   $712,009   compared to   $399,339   for the same period in   2017  ,   an increase   of   $312,670   or   78.3%  . This   increase   is due to the Company's cost sharing in connection with a research and development grant pertaining to the potential commercialization of the Company's Ultera emissions technology for certain non-stationary applications.  
    
  Loss from Operations 
    
  Loss from operations for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   was   $565,381   compared to a loss of   $168,157   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $397,224  . In addition to the expenses discussed above, loss from operations for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   included depreciation and amortization expense on the energy producing sites of   $230,568  .  
    
  Other Income (Expense), net 
    
  Other expense, net for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   was   $97,780   compared to   $63,600   for the same period in   2017  . Other income (expense) includes interest and other income of   $3,758  , interest expense of   $22,815  , and unrealized loss on investment securities of   $78,723  . For the same period in   2017  , interest and other income was   $6,184   and interest expense was   $69,784  . Unrealized loss on investment securities was included in other comprehensive loss in   2017   in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles for that year. As of January 1, 2018, the Company presents such unrealized holding gains or losses in the other income (expense) section of the statement of operations. 

20 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Noncontrolling Interest 
    
  The income attributable to the noncontrolling interest was   $31,567   for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   which represents the noncontrolling interest portion of American DG Energy's 51% owned subsidiary, ADGNY, LLC. For the same period in   2017  , income attributable to noncontrolling interest was   $16,998  . 
    
  Net Loss Attributable to Tecogen Inc 
    
  Net loss attributable to Tecogen for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   was   $733,592   compared to   $248,755   for the same period in   2017  , an increase of   $484,837  . Comprehensive loss for the   six months ended     June 30, 2017   was   $473,114  , a difference of   $260,478   when compared to net loss attributable to Tecogen Inc for the same period in   2018  , due to the unrealized loss on marketable equity securities in addition to the increased operating expenses discussed above. 
    
  Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
    The unrealized loss on securities of   $224,359   for the   six months ended     June 30, 2017   represents a market fluctuation impacting the fair value of American DG Energy's remaining common stock ownership in its former partially owned subsidiary, EuroSite Power Inc. as of   June 30, 2017  . In accordance with an accounting standard update, unrealized holding gains and losses, as of January 1, 2018, are no longer accounted for as other comprehensive income or loss, but instead are included in the other income (expense) section of the statement of operations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Consolidated working capital at   June 30, 2018   was   $12,115,717   compared to   $12,952,537   at   December 31, 2017  ,   a decrease   of   $836,820  .  Included in working capital were cash and cash equivalents of   $1,015,435   at   June 30, 2018  , compared to   $1,673,072   in cash and cash equivalents at   December 31, 2017  ,   a decrease   of   $657,637  .  The decrease in working capital and cash was the result of longer collection periods and pre-buying for production.  
    
  Cash used in operating activities for the   six months ended     June 30, 2018   was   $2,541,234   compared to   $891,955   for the same period in   2017  .  Our accounts receivable balance   increased   to   $11,440,542   at   June 30, 2018   compared to   $9,536,673   at   December 31, 2017  , using   $1,732,029   of cash due to timing of billing, shipments, and collections.  In addition, inventory and unbilled revenue increased using   $403,785   and   $345,324  , respectively.  
    
  Accounts payable   decreased   to   $4,961,741   as of   June 30, 2018   from   $5,095,285   at   December 31, 2017  ,   using   $  1,017,610  , in cash flow from operations.  Accrued expenses   increased   to   $1,946,301   as of   June 30, 2018   from   $1,416,976   as of   December 31, 2017  ,   providing     $529,325   of cash from operations.  The Company expects accounts payable and accrued expenses to fluctuate with routine changes in operations. 
    
  During the   first six months of 2018  , our investing activities provided   $112,475   of cash and included the acquisition of TTcogen LLC of   $442,786  , offset by purchases of property and equipment of   $149,453  , expenditures related to purchases of intangible assets of   $149,264   and cash paid for certain expenses associated with TTcogen LLC of   $900  .  
    
  As of   June 30, 2018  , the Company's backlog of product and installation projects, excluding service contracts, was   $14.2 million  , consisting of   $10.6 million   of purchase orders received by us and   $3.6 million   of projects in which the customer's internal approval process is complete, financial resources have been allocated and the customer has made a firm verbal commitment that the order is in the process of execution. Backlog at the beginning of any period is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Our presentation of backlog may differ from other companies in our industry. 
    
  During the   first six months of 2018  , our financing activities provided   $1,771,122   compared to   $114,034   for the same period in   2017  .  Financing activities for the   first six months of 2018   included proceeds from the revolving line of credit of   $5,053,453   offset by payments on this line of credit of   $2,350,625  , debt issuance costs in connection with the revolving line of   $145,011   and the repayment of the loan due to related party of   $850,000  . 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Estimates 
    
  The Company s significant accounting policies are discussed in the Notes to its respective Consolidated Financial Statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K.  The accounting policies and estimates that can have a significant impact upon the operating results, financial position and footnote disclosures of the Company are described in the above notes and in the respective Annual Report. 
  
    21 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Significant New Accounting Standards or Updates Not Yet Effective     
    Except for the updates to the Company's revenue recognition policy for the adoption of ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),   the Company's critical accounting policies have remained consistent as discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2018. 
  Revenue Recognition - Tecogen formally adopted ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   effective January 1, 2018,   however, the adoption of the new revenue standard did not have an impact on the Company s revenue recognition policy as performance obligations are satisfied in a similar recognition pattern. 
  See Note 1,   Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  , to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Seasonality 
    
  We expect that the majority of our heating system sales will be operational for the winter and the majority of our chilling system sales will be operational for the summer. Our cogeneration sales are not generally affected by the seasons. Our service team does experience higher demand in the warmer months when cooling is required. These chiller units are generally shut down in the winter and started up again in the spring. This chiller "busy season' for the service team generally runs from May through the end of September.  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Currently, we do not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements, including any outstanding derivative financial instruments, off-balance sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts.  We do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
  The Company maintains "disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including our principal executive officers and principal accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the control system s objectives will be met.  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness with respect to a small number of individuals dealing with general controls over information technology. Management will continue to evaluate the above weaknesses. The Company is taking certain steps to remediate the weaknesses as resources become available. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting: 
  During the last half of 2017 and the first half of 2018 the Company has been in the process of implementing a new computer system to remediate its material weakness with respect to the small number of individuals dealing with general controls over information technology. Management expects to have partially implemented this system by year end 2018. 
   
  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  The Company is a party to a pending action in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, described below, related to the merger with ADGE.  
  
    22 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Massachusetts Superior Court Action 
  On or about February 6, 2017, ADGE, John Hatsopoulos, George N. Hatsopoulos, Charles T. Maxwell, Deanna M. Petersen, Christine Klaskin, John Rowe, Joan Giacinti, Elias Samaras, Tecogen, and the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that merged with ADGE ("Merger Sub") were served with a Verified Complaint by William C. May ("May"), individually and on behalf of the other shareholders of ADGE as a class. The action was commenced in the Business Litigation Session of the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Civil Action No. 17-0390.  The complaint alleged class action claims arising out of the proposed Merger.  On May 31, 2017, May voluntarily dismissed the action and consolidated his claims with the pending federal action in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, described below.  If the complaint in the federal court is dismissed, it is possible that May or another plaintiff will recommence an action in state court with similar claims to those asserted by May. 
  United States District Court Action 
  On or about February 15, 2017, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts by Lee Vardakas ( Vardakas ), individually and on behalf of other stockholders of ADGE, naming ADGE, John N. Hatsopoulos, George N. Hatsopoulos, Benjamin Locke, Charles T. Maxwell, Deanne M. Petersen, Christine M. Klaskin, John Rowe, Joan Giacinti, Elias Samaras, Tecogen., Merger Sub., and Cassel Salpeter and Co., LLC, as defendants.  The action is captioned   Vardakas v. American DG Energy, Inc.  , Case No. 17-CV-10247(LTS).  At the time Vardakas commenced the action, his complaint challenged the proposed Merger between Tecogen and ADGE.   
  Following the consummation of the Merger (and the appointment of May, from the Massachusetts Superior Court Action, as lead plaintiff), Vardakas filed an Amended Class Action Complaint (the  Amended Complaint ).  The Amended Complaint discontinued the claims against Cassel Salpeter   Co., LLC but asserted against the remaining defendants claims under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and SEC Rule 14a-9; claims against certain defendants for control person liability under   20(a) of the Exchange Act (collectively, the  Federal Securities Law Claims  and common law claims for breach of fiduciary duty and aiding and abetting (the  State Law Claims ).  The Federal Securities Law Claims allege, in substance, that defendants made material nondisclosure in the proxy statement about the process leading to the Merger and about the fairness opinion relied upon by ADGE s Board of Directors in recommending the Merger to shareholders.   The State Law Claims assert, in substance, that defendants breached their fiduciary duties in negotiating and approving the Merger, which, plaintiff claims, deprived ADGE s nonaffiliated shareholders of fair value for their shares.   
  On July 19, 2017, defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint.  In their motion papers, defendants contended that the Federal Securities Law Claims are not sufficiently pleaded and fail to state a viable claim. 
  On February 28, 2018 the parties presented their oral arguments on the defendant's motion to dismiss. On March 2, 2018 the district court rendered its decision, dismissing the Federal Securities Law Claims, but retaining the State Law Claims. The district court exercised supplemental jurisdiction over the State Law Claims and ordered the Defendants to file an answer to the Amended Complaint addressing the State Law Claims. On March 12, 2018 the Defendants filed their first answer. On May 2, 2018, the Defendants filed their amended answer to assert further defenses, and the judge in the district court ordered the parties to hold a mediation session.  The parties participated in mediation on June 19, 2018 and did not reach agreement regarding settlement. 
  On May 21, 2018, defendants filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings. Plaintiff filed a reply brief and the parties are awaiting a decision.  On July 6, 2018 plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification, and defendants filed a reply brief on August 6, 2018. Plaintiff has until September 6, 2018 to file a reply brief regarding class certification.  
  The Company believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend vigorously.  The Amended Complaint does not specify the amount of damages claimed and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is not reasonably estimable. 
       
  Except as set forth above, as of the date of this filing the Company is currently not a party to any legal or administrative proceedings material to the Company's financial statements and is not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceeding that is material to the Company's financial statement. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended   December 31, 2017  . The risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

23 

Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

24 

     Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

101.INS** 
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
      100.CAL** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      100.DEF** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
      101.LAB** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      101.PRE**  
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

____________________________________________ 
           * 
    Filed herewith 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith 
              + 
    Compensatory plan or arrangement 

25 

Table of Contents  
  TECOGEN INC. 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, on   August 14, 2018  .  
                     
    TECOGEN INC. 
        
    (Registrant) 

By: 
    /s/ Benjamin M. Locke 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
    /s/ Bonnie J. Brown 
        
    Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
        
    (Principal Accounting Officer) 

26 

<EX-10.45>
 2
 a01creditagreement.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.45

a01creditagreement 

CREDIT AGREEMENT                                       among        TECOGEN INC. AND AMERICAN DG ENERGY INC. AND TTCOGEN LLC                                  as Loan Parties                                        and                    WEBSTER BUSINESS CREDIT CORPORATION,                                     as Lender                               Effective Date: May 4, 2018   7501865_10.docx  

TABLE OF CONTENTS                                                                             Page   1. DEFINITIONS......................................................................................................... 1        1.1 Accounting Terms; References to the Loan Party and Credit Documents 1        1.2 Uniform Commercial Code Ternis........................................................... 2        1.3 General Definitions................................................................................... ,2 2. ADVANCES, PAYMENTS.................................................... ............................... ,24        2.1 Revolving Advances................... .............................................................. ,24       2.2 Procedure for Borrowing.......................................................................... ,24       2.3 Disbursement of Revolving Advance Proceeds........................................ .25       2.4 Maximum Revolving Advances............................................................... .25       2.5 Advance Requests..................................................................... ............... 25       2.6 Scheduled Payment of Advances and Other Obligations......................... 26       2.7 Voluntary Prepayments......................................................... .................... 26       2.8 Mandatory Prepayments........................................................................... 26       2.9 Application of Payments....................... ................................................... 27       2.10 Use of Proceeds..................................... ............. .................................... ,27       2.11 Statement of Account............................................................................... 28       2.12 Manner of Payment................................................................................. 28       2.13 Letters of Credit..................................................... ................................. 28       2.14 Reimbursement and Payments Obligations............................................. 32 3. INTEREST AND FEES........................................................................................... ,33       3.1 Interest......................................                     33       3.2 Continuations and Conversions                                      33       3.3 Closing Fee..............................                         .34       3.4 Unused Line.............................                          .34       3.5 Letter of Credit Fee..................                             34       3.6 Collateral Evaluation Fee.........                                .34       3.7 Collateral Audit Fees...............                              .34       3.8 Computation of Interest and Fees; Collection Days                 .35       3.9 Maximum Charges.................................................. .35       3.10 Indemnification..................................................... .35       3.11 Increased Costs.............. .................................. .35       3.12 Additional Costs.................................... ............ 36       3.13 Capital Adequacy...............................................  36       3.14 Inadequate Basis For Determining LIBOR Rate                      37       3.15 Yield Maintenance.............................................   37       3.16 Late Charges...................... ................................ 38       3.17 Facility Fee....................... .................................. .38                                         (i)  

Page   4. CASH MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS...                                            38        4.1 Lock-Box Accounts..........................                       .38        4.2 Blocked Accounts.............................                     .39        4.3 Pledged Accounts..............................                    39        4.4 Receipt of Payments by Loan Parties                               .40        4.5 Application of Deposits....................                       .40        4.6 Liens............................................ .....           ,41        4.7 Rights After an Event of Default......                            ,41  5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES                                           .41        5.1 Authority.............................                            ,41        5.2 Formation and Qualification                                       .41        5.3 Tax Returns.........................                              42        5.4 Financial Statements............................                  ,42        5.5 Name....................................................          ,43        5.6 OSHA and Environmental Compliance                                 43        5.7 Solvency................................................          .43        5.8 Litigation..............................................          ,44        5.9 No Indebtedness....................................               ,44        5.10 No Violations.................................................. . 44        5.11 Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses                     ,44        5.12 Licenses and Permits........................................     ,45        5.13 No Default of Indebtedness............................           45        5.14 No Other Defaults....................................... .       45        5.15 No Burdensome Restrictions...........................            ,45        5.16 No Labor Disputes...........................................     ,45        5.17 Margin Regulations..........................................     45        5.18 Investment Company Act................................          ,45       5.19 Disclosure........................................................ ,45       5.20 No Conflicting Agreements or Orders.............                 ,46       5.21 Application of Certain Laws and Regulations..                    .46       5.22 Business and Property of Loan Parties............                ,46       5.23 Hedge Contracts...............................................    46       5.24 Real Property.............................................. .    ,46       5.25 Deposit Accounts.............................................    ,46       5.26 OF AC............................................................... .46       5.27 Brokers............................................................. .46       5.28 No Other Financing Statements.......................             ,47       5.29 Inactive Subsidiary............................................  ,47 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS............................................................. 47       6.1 Payment of Fees......................................................................... ,47       6.2 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets       ,47       6.3 Requirements of Law................................................................. 47       6.4 Government Receivables........................................................... ,48                                        (ii)  

Page         6.5 Taxes............................................................................................................... 48        6.6 Payment of Indebtedness.............................. ................................................. ,48        6.7 Standards of Financial Statements.................... ............................................. ,48        6.8 Environmental Matters.................................................................................... ,48        6.9 Books and Records; Inspection Rights........................................................... ,50        6.10 Field Examinations....................................................................................... 51        6.11 Perfection of Security Interests................ .................................................... 51  7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS......................................................................................... 51        7.1 Merger, Consolidation and Acquisitions......... .............................................. ,51        7.2 Sales of Assets........................................ ...... ................................................ 51        7.3 Creation of Liens........................................ .................................................... 52        7.4 Guarantees...................................................................................................... ,52        7.5 Investments....................... ............................................................................. 52        7.6 Loans......................... .......................... .......................................................... 52        7.7 Dividends.......................................... ............................................................. 53        7.8 Indebtedness.................................................................................................... 53        7.9 Nature of Business.......................................................................................... 53        7.10 Transactions with Affiliates................................................. ........................ 53        7.11 Subsidiaries............................... .................................................................... 53        7.12 Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes................................................... ........ 54        7.13 Pledge of Credit............................................................................................. ,54        7.14 Amendment of Documents........................................................................... 54        7.15 Prepa5mient of Indebtedness................................................... ...................... ,54        7.16 Deposit Accounts................................ ......................................................... ,54        7.17 Equity Interests.............................................................................................. ,54        7.18 Minimum Excess Availability....................................................................... 54 8. FINANCIAL COVENANTS......................................................................................... 54        8.1 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio...................... .......... ........................................ ,54       8.2 Unfmanced Capital Expenditures......................... .......................................... 54 9. INFORMATION COVENANTS.................................................................................. 55       9.1 Disclosure of Material Matters........................................................................ 55       9.2 Schedules and Reports..................................................................................... 55       9.3 Litigation.......................................................................................................... 55       9.4 Notice of Adverse Events............................................................................... ,55       9.5 Other Material Occurrences..................................... ....................................... ,56       9.6 Government Receivables.................................. .............. ............................... 56       9.7 Annual Financial Statements........................................................................... 56       9.8 Quarterly Financial Statements, Cash Flow Projections and Borrowing Base             Certificates.................................................................................................. 57       9.9 Projections; Operating Budgets........................................................................ 58       9.10 Variances From Operating Budget................................................................ 58       9.11 Intellectual Property....................................................................................... 58                                        (iii)  

Page         9.12 Public Reports........................................................... 58        9.13 Additional Information............................................. 58        9.14 Additional Documents................................ ............. 59  10. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT................................................    59        10.1 Conditions to the Initial Advance.............................   59        10.2 Conditions to Each Advance................................ .     62  11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................................ 63        11.1 Obligations................................................................. 63        11.2 Misrepresentations.................................................... 63        11.3 Financial Infomiation................................................ 63        11.4 Liens..................... ..................................................... 64        11.5 Covenants................................................................... .64        11.6 Judgments.................................................................. 64        11.7 Voluntary Bankruptcy.................... ..................... . 64        11.8 Involuntary Bankruptcy............................................ 64        11.9 Material Adverse Changes....................... ................ 64        11.10 Lender s Liens......................................... ........... . 64        11.11 Subordinated Debt.................................................. 64        11.12 Cross Default.......................................................... 64        11.13 Guaranty................................................................... .65        11.14 Subordination Agreement........................................ 65        11.15 Change of Control................................................. . 65        11.16 Invalidity.................................................................. 65        11.17 Takings..................................................................... .65        11.18 Seizures.................................................................... 65        11.19 Cessation of Operations..................................... ..... 65        11.20 Criminal Charges..................................................... 66  12. LENDER S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT                              66        12.1 Rights and Remedies............................................ ..... 66        12.2 Application of Proceeds............................................. 67        12.3 Lender s Discretion.................................................... 67        12.4 Setoff....................................... ................................... 67        12.5 Receiver...................................................................... 67       12.6 Rights and Remedies not Exclusive..................... .          67 13. WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS......................                  .67       13.1 Waiver of Notice........................................................ 67       13.2 Delay........................................................................... 68       13.3 Jury Waiver......................... ....................................... .68 14. EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION..........................                 68       14.1 Term; Early Tennination Fee.....................................  68       14.2 Tennination............ .................................................... ,69                                        (iv)  

Page  15. ADDITION OF BORROWERS; MULTIPLE BORROWERS                               69       15.1 Addition of Borrowers................................................ .69       15.2 Multiple Borrowers..................................................... 69       15.3 Waiver of Subrogation.............................................. . 70 16. MISCELLANEOUS................................................................. 71       16.1 GOVERNING LAW.................................................... .71       16.2 Entire Understanding...................................... ......... . 71       16.3 Advice of Counsel....................................................... 72       16.4 Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lender.              72       16.5 Application of Payments............................................. 73       16.6 Indemnity........................................................... ......... .73       16.7 Notice.......................................................................... 73       16.8 Survival....................................................................... 74       16.9 Severability................................................................. 74       16.10 Expenses................................................................... .74       16.11 Right to Cure............................... .............................. 75       16.12 Injunctive Relief........................................................ 75       16.13 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES...................... ......              75       16.14 Third Party Beneficiaries............................. ............. .75       16.15 Captions............................................ ........................ .75       16.16 Counterparts; Signatures............................ .............. 76       16.17 Construction................................. ............................. 76       16.18 Confidentiality........................................................... ,76       16.19 Publicity..................................................................... 76       16.20 Survival of Representations and Warranties..............        76       16.21 Certain Matters of Construction................................. 77       16.22 Destruction of Invoices.............................................. 77       16.23 Time........................................................... ................ .77       16.24 Patriot Act.................................................................. .77       16.25 No Tax Advice................................... ....................... 77       16.26 Completion of Blanks................................................ 78       16.27 Exculpation of Lender................................................ 78       16.28 Electronic Transmission............................................. 78                                        (V)  

List of Exhibits and Schedules  Exhibits  Exhibit 1.3       Borrower Addendum  Exhibit 2.1       Revolving Credit Note  Schedules  Schedule 1.1      Leased Locations  Schedule 1.2      Warehouse Locations Schedule 5.2      Organizational Data and Numbers; Qualifications  Schedule 5.3      Federal Tax Identification Numbers  Schedule 5.5      Prior Names Schedule 5.6      OSHA and Environmental Compliance Schedule 5.8      Litigation Schedule 5.9      Indebtedness Schedule 5.10     Violations Schedule 5.11     Intellectual Property Schedule 5.24     Real Property Schedule 5.25     Deposit Accounts Schedule 7.2      Excluded Equipment                                        (Vi)  

CREDIT AGREEMENT         CREDIT AGREEMENT (this  'Agreemenf'), dated as of May 4, 2018 (the   Effective   Date '), among TECOGEN INC., a Delaware corporation {  Tecogen ') AMERICAN DG   ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation {  ADGE') and TTCOGEN EEC, a Delaware   corporation {  TTCogen'\ and collectively with Tecogen and ADGE, each, a   Borrower'  and,   collectively, the   Borrowers ), and WEBSTER BUSINESS CREDIT CORPORATION, a New   York corporation {  WBCC ), individually, as lender hereunder and, collectively, as agent for   itself and each other Eender Party (as hereinafter defined) (WBCC, acting in both such   capacities, herein called   Lender ).                                     RECITALS         I.    Capitalized tenns used in these Recitals shall have the meanings ascribed to such   terms in the preamble to this Agreement or in Section 1.3.         II.   The Borrowers have applied to WBCC for financing to refinance the Existing  Eoans, to pay closing costs associated herewith, to supplement their working capital needs on an  ongoing basis and for the other purposes described in this Agreement.        III.  WBCC, as Eender hereunder, has agreed to provide this financing to the  Borrowers, subject however, to the terms, covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth.        NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and undertakings  herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which are mutually acknowledged, the Borrowers  and Eender, each intending to be legally bound hereby, hereby covenant and agree as follows:  1. DEFINITIONS,         1.1  Accounting Terms; References to the Loan Party and Credit Documents, (a) As  used in this Agreement, any Note, or any certificate, report or other Credit Document, accounting  terms not defined in Section 1.3 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall have the respective  meanings given to them under GAAP; provided, however, whenever such accounting terms are  used for the purposes of detenuining compliance with the Financial Covenants in this  Agreement, such accounting terms shall be defined in accordance with GAAP as applied in  preparation of the Historical Financial Statements; (b) unless otherwise specifically stated, all  references in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to the term  Borrower  shall mean  and refer to all of the Borrowers and (c) unless otherwise specifically stated, all references in this  Agreement and any other Credit Document to this Agreement and any Credit Document shall  mean and include this Agreement and such other Credit Document, as amended, modified or  supplemented from time to time. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in this  Agreement, in the event of a change under GAAP (or the application thereof) requiring all leases  to be capitalized, only those leases that would result or would have resulted in a Capital Eease or  Capitalized Eease Obligation on the Closing Date (assuming for purposes hereof that such  lease(s) was in existence on the date hereof) hereunder shall be considered capital leases  

hereunder and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Credit   Document shall be made in accordance therewith.         1.2   Uniform Commercial Code Terms. Unless defined herein, all terais used herein   and defined in the Unifonn Commercial Code shall have the meanings given them therein.         1.3   General Definitions.          Accountants  shall mean Wolf   Company, P.C. or a firni of independent certified   public accountants selected by Borrowers, and acceptable to Lender, in its Penuitted Discretion.         ''Advances shall mean and include any loans, advances or other financial  accommodations made under, pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other   Credit Document, including the Revolving Advances and any Letters of Credit.          Affiliate  of any Person shall mean (a) any Person which, directly or indirectly, is in   Control of, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with such Person, or (b) any Person   who is a, director or officer (i) of such Person, (ii) of any Subsidiary of such Person or (iii) of   any Person described in clause (a) above. As used hereinabove and elsewhere in this Agreement    Control  of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect to direct or cause the direction of   the management and policies of such Person whether through the ability to exercise voting  power, by contract or otherwise. Any Unrestricted Affiliate shall not constitute an Affiliate of   any Borrower.          Agreement  shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.          Applicable Advance Rates  shall mean the advance rates, expressed as percentages for  the applicable collateral, set forth in the definition of  Borrowing Base.          Applicable Margin  shall mean, at any time and from time to time with respect to the  Revolving Advances:                    Domestic Rate Loans:     1.50%                   LIBOR Loans:             3.00%         Application Date  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5.         Auto-Extension Letter of Credit  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.13tbf          Authority  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8fdl.         Available Collateral Value  shall mean, at any date of determination, the amount of the  Borrowing Base on such date.         Availability Period  shall mean the period from the Closing Date through the Business  Day immediately preceding the Revolving Maturity Date.                                        -2-  

''Availability Reserves ' shall mean such reserves as Lender, in its Pennitted Discretion,   may elect to impose from time to time in respect of borrowing availability. Without limiting the   generality of the foregoing, the following reserves, if imposed, shall be deemed an exercise of   Lender s Pennitted Discretion: (a) reserves for damages; (b) reserves for accrued but unpaid ^   valorem, excise and personal property tax liabilities; (c) reserves for amounts then due, or   coming due, to other creditors (including judgment creditors); (d) Bank Product reserves; (e)   reserves for past due accrued, unpaid interest and fees; (f) reserves for federal government claims   or offsets; (g) reserves for any other matter that has a negative impact on the value of the   Collateral; (h) rent reserves for three months  rent for each Leased Location and Warehouse   Location and, if applicable, any other locations leased by any Loan Party or warehouses where   any Loan Party stores inventory, in each case, unless and until the Lender receives, as applicable,   an acceptable landlord agreement from the landlord of a Leased Location and an access or   comparable agreement from the owner or operator of a Warehouse Location, and (i) reserves for   any changes in the tenns of any Loan Party s trade credit including, without limitation, dilution,   credit limits and repayment tenns.         ''Bank  shall mean Webster Bank, National Assoeiation, together with its suecessors and  assigns.          Bank Products  shall mean, collectively, (a) any cash management service, including  through the use of any Lock-Box Account, Blocked Account or Concentration Aceount, (b) any  Hedge Contract, (c) any derivative product or (d) any similar (or dissimilar) bank product or   service offered by the Bank or any Affiliate of the Bank (including Lender) to any Borrower   from time to time.          Bankruptcy Action  shall mean, with respect to any Person, that it shall (a) apply for,  consenl to or suffer the appointment of or the taking of possession by a receiver, custodian,  trustee, liquidator or similar fiduciary of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property,  (b) make a general assignment for the benefit of ereditors, (c) commence or have commenced  against it, a case under any state or federal bankruptcy laws (as now or hereafter in effect), (d) be  adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, (e) admit in writing its inability, or be generally unable, to  pay its debts as they become due or cease operations of its present business, (f) file a petition  seeking to take advantage of any other law providing for the relief of debtors, or (g) take, consent  to, or acquiesce in, any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.         Base Rate  on any day, shall mean a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the  Federal Funds Rate plus 14 of 1%, (b) the Prime Rate, and (c) the LIBOR Rate for a one month  Interest Period plus 2.75%.         Blocked Account  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.         Blocked Account Agreement  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.         Blocked Account Bank  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.         Borrower  or  Borrowers  shall mean the Persons, described in the preamble of this  Agreement and each other Person that becomes a party to this Agreement by executing a Loan  Party Addendum and shall extend to all penuitted successors and assigns of such Persons.                                        -3 -  

''Borrower Addendum'' shall mean an Addendum, duly completed and executed by each  of Borrowing Representative and the applicable new Loan Party, in substantially the fonu  attached hereto as Exhibit 1.3.         Borrower Reports  shall mean any reports (whether financial, with respect to Collateral,  as to operating condition or otherwise) required to be delivered to Lender pursuant hereto or to  any other Credit Document, including, particularly, pursuant to Article 9.         Borrowers  Account  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2,11.        'Borrowing Base  shall mean the sum of the following:              (a)   eighty five percent (85%) of the Value of all Eligible Receivables; plus              (b)   the lesser of (i) the Eligible Inventory Sublimit, and (ii) fifty percent  (50%) of the Value of all Eligible Inventory, in each case consisting of Raw Materials and  Finished Goods, minus              (c)   the Availability Reserves.         Borrowing Base Certificate  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.8(b),         Borrowing Representative  shall mean such Person as Loan Parties, collectively  between or among themselves, may elect as their representative hereunder from time to time  pursuant to Article 15. subject to Lender s prior approval. On the Closing Date, the Borrowing  Representative is Tecogen.         Business Day  shall mean with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans or any day on which  commercial banks are open for domestic and international business, including dealings in Dollar  deposits in London, England and New York, New York and with respect to all other matters, any  day other than a day on which commercial banks in New York or Connecticut are authorized or  required by law to close.         Capital Expenditures  shall mean all expenditures (or commitments to make  expenditures) of Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis for fixed or capital  assets (including any made or committed to be made pursuant to capitalized leases) which, in  accordance with GAAP, constitute capital expenditures in the period made.         Capital Lease  shall mean any lease of Equipment or Real Property by a Loan Party or  any of its Subsidiaries that, in accordance with GAAP, is or should be reflected as a liability on  the balance sheet of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary.         Capitalized Lease Obligations  shall mean any Indebtedness represented by obligations  under a Capital Lease, and the amount of such Indebtedness shall be the capitalized amount of  such obligations determined in accordance with GAAP.         CERCLA  shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and  Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C.   9601 ^ seq.                                       -4_  

Change of ControF shall mean that:               (a)   any Person or group of persons within the meaning of   13(d)(3) of the         Securities Exchange Act of 1934 becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of         50% or more of the outstanding Equity Interests of Tecogen; or               (b) Tecogen shall cease to own and control, directly or indirectly, of record and         beneficially 100% of each class of outstanding Equity Interests of the other Borrowers         and the Guarantors free and clear of all Liens (except Liens created by the Collateral         Documents); or               (c)   any merger or consolidation of any Loan Party occurs in which either such         Loan Party or another Loan Party is not the survivor; or               (d)   a sale of all or substantially all of the property or assets of any Loan Party         shall occur, except with Lender s prior written consent; or               (e)   any Equity Interests of any Loan Party is, or becomes the subject of, any         consensual Lien except in favor of (or assigned to) Lender pursuant hereto; or               (f)   any Subsidiary of a Loan Party is not, or ceases to be, owned and         Controlled by a Loan Party; or               (g)   each of the Guarantors is not, or ceases to be. Controlled directly or        indirectly by Tecogen.          Charges shall mean all taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments,  including, without limitation, all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,  value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory. Equity Interests, license, withholding, payroll   employment, social security, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation and property  taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments, liens, claims and charges of any kind whatsoever,  together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts, imposed by  any taxing or other authority, domestic or foreign (including, without limitation, the Pension  Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any environmental agency or superfiind), upon any Collateral,  any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates.        ' Closing Date'' shall mean the date on which the Initial Advance is made, which date  may be on the Effective Date but, unless otherwise approved by Lender, shall not be later than  ten (10) days after the Effective Date.         Code  shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time and  the regulations promulgated thereunder.         CollateraF shall have the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.         Commitment  shall mean the total commitment of Lender to make Advances under this  Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date, as such commitment may be increased or decreased  fi-om time to time hereafter in accordance with the terms hereof                                        -5-  

''Commodity Exchange AcC shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7.U.S.C.   Section 1, ^ seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.          Concentration AccounC shall mean a Deposit Account with the Bank into which   collections from Receivables and other Collateral are and will be deposited, remitted and   concentrated prior to, and in facilitation of, their applications to the Obligations.          Consents'  shall mean all filings and all licenses, permits, consents, approvals,   authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental Bodies and other third parties,   domestic or foreign, (a) necessary to carry on any Loan Party s business, including, without  limitation, any consents required under all applicable federal, state or other applicable law, and  (b) required to effectuate the transactions and agreements contemplated in this Agreement and  the other Credit Documents.          Consolidated and Consolidating Basis  shall mean, with respect to the Loan Parties  and their Subsidiaries, the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the accounts or other  items of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.         Contract Rate  shall mean the rates of interest set forth in Section 3.Ua~).         ControF shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of'AJfiliate .         Credit Documents  shall mean this Agreement, together with the Note, the Issuer  Documents, any Guaranty, the Security Agreement, any Subordination Agreement, and any and  all other agreements, instruments and documents, including, without limitation, guaranties,  pledges, powers of attorney, consents, and all other writings heretofore, now or hereafter  executed by any Loan Party and/or delivered to Lender or any other Lender Party, in respect of  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The term  Credit Documents  includes,  without limitation, all those documents to which any Borrower or any Guarantor is a party  described in Section 10.1.         Customer  shall mean and include the account debtor with respect to any Receivable  and/or the prospective purchaser of goods, services or both with respect to any contract or  contract right, and/or any party who enters into or proposes to enter into any contract or other  arrangement with any Loan Party, pursuant to which such Loan Party is to deliver any personal  property or perform any services.         D O Insurer  shall mean Federal Insurance Company.         Default  shall mean an event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or  both, would constitute an Event of Default.         Default Rate  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1('bL         Deposit Account  shall mean any checking account, savings account, time deposit  account, certificate of deposit, investment account or other account (howsoever denominated), in  which from time to time any cash of any Loan Party is or may be deposited.                                        -6-  

'Designated Officer'  shall mean the chief executive officer, chief financial officer or   chief operating officer of a Loan Party (regardless of title), or such other officer, lender or   representative of a Loan Party which Lender may, at such Loan Party s request, penuit to be a    Designated Officer  from time to time.          Dollars  and the sign  $  shall mean lawful money of the United States of America.           Domestic Rate Loan  shall mean any Advance that bears interest based upon the Base  Rate.          Domestic Subsidiary  shall mean a Subsidiary organized under the laws of the United   States or any political subsidiary thereof         Early Termination Date  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1fbL         Early Termination Fee  shall have the meaning set forth in Section H.lfbl.         EBITDA  shall mean, for any fiscal period of the Borrowers, the sum of;         (a)   net income (or loss) of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating  basis (as applicable) for such period (excluding extraordinary gains and losses), plus         (b)   to the extent deducted in detenuining such net income (or loss) of the Loan  Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis, the following; (i) all interest expense of the   Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis for such period; (ii) all charges against  income of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis for such period for  federal, state and local taxes paid or accrued during such period; (iii) depreciation expenses of  the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis for such period; and (iv)  amortization expenses of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis for such  period,  and provided however, in no event shall EBITDA include, for any purpose, net income from any  Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Affiliate.         E-Fax  shall mean any system used to receive or transmit fees electronically.         Effective Date  shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.         Electronic Transmission  shall mean each document, instruction, authorization, file,  information and any other communication transmitted, posted or otherwise made or  communicated by e-mail or E-Fax, or otherwise to or from an E-System or other equivalent  service.         Eligible Inventory  shall mean and include, with respect to each Loan Party, Inventory  consisting of Raw Materials and Finished Goods owned by and in the possession of a Loan Party  and located in the United States of America, which Lender, in its Penuitted Discretion, shall  determine to be Eligible Inventory. Without limitation. Inventory shall not be deemed Eligible  Inventory unless such Inventory is subject to Lender s first priority perfected security interest                                        -7-  

and no other Lien (other than Pennitted Encumbrances). In addition, no Inventory shall be   Eligible Inventory if:         (a)   it does not confonn in all material respects to all Requirements of Law pertaining  to its manufacturers;         (b)   it consists of display items, showroom samples,  seconds,  packaging, shipping   materials, supplies or catalysts;         (c)   it constitutes Inventory in-transit to or from a Loan Party (while in-transit);         (d)   it is subject to any licensing or similar contractual arrangement limiting the resale   thereof by a Loan Party or by Lender as its attomey-in-fact;         (e)   any covenant, representation or warranty contained herein with respect to such   Inventory has been breached in any material respect;         (f)   it is obsolete, unsaleable, shop-worn, damaged, defective, slow-moving or umuerchantable;         (g)   it has been consigned to a Loan Party or to any third party for sale;         (h)   it is not subject to a perpetual inventory reporting system acceptable to Lender;         (i)   it is in the possession or control of any processor, finisher or other third party  besides a Loan Party or is otherwise situated at any public or private warehouse or upon any  leased property unless such processor, finisher, warehouse operator, landlord or other third party  has waived any lien or claim thereon, in a manner satisfactory to Lender;         G)    it consists of Hazardous Substances;         (k)   it is not covered by casualty insurance maintained as required under the Security Agreement; or         (1)   it is Inventory owned by any Unrestricted Affiliate or any Unrestricted Subsidiary; or        (m)    it is not otherwise satisfactory to Lender in the exercise of its Pennitted Discretion.          Eligible Inventory Sublimif' shall mean Two Million and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000,000).          Eligible Receivables'' shall mean and include, with respect to each Loan Party, each  Receivable of such Loan Party arising in the ordinary course of such Loan Party s business  which Lender, in its Permitted Discretion, shall determine to be an Eligible Receivable. Without  limitation, a Receivable shall not be deemed to be an Eligible Receivable unless such Receivable  is subject to Lender s first priority perfected security interest and no other Lien (other than                                         -8-  

Pennitted Encumbrances), and is evidenced by an invoice or other documentary evidence   satisfactory to Lender. In addition, no Receivable shall be an Eligible Receivable if;         (a)   it arises out of a sale made by any Loan Party to an Affiliate of any Loan Party or   to a Person Controlled by an Affiliate of any Loan Party;         (b)   it is due or unpaid more than one hundred twenty (120) days from the original   invoice date, or includes any aged credit balanees outstanding for more than one hundred twenty   (120) days from the original invoice date;         (c)   fifty percent (50%) or more of the Receivables from the Customer are not deemed   Eligible Receivables hereunder by application thereto of clause fbl above;         (d)   the Receivables of any one Customer (or group of Affiliated Customers) exceeds   twenty five pereent (25%) of otherwise then Eligible Receivables, to the extent of such excess;         (e)   any covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement with   respect to such Receivable has been breached;         (f)   the Customer shall be the subject of any Bankruptcy Action;         (g)   the sale is to a Customer which is located outside, or has its prineipal place of   business or substantially all of its assets outside, the continental United States of America;         (h)   the sale to the Customer is on a  bill-and-hold ,  guaranteed sale ,  sale-and-   retum ,  sale on approval ,  eonsignment  or any other repurchase or return basis;         (i)   such Receivable arises from an invoice for a deposit, a rebill of amounts   previously credited or other similar contra account;         a)    such Receivable arises in respect of a  COD  or  CBD  sale;         (k)   such Receivable is evideneed by an instrument or chattel paper;         (1)   such Receivable represents, or includes, a progress billing or retainage;         (m)   such Receivable consists of an interest billing, finance charge, warranty eharge or other non-trade amount;         (n)   Lender believes, in its Permitted Discretion, that collection of such Receivable is  insecure or that such Receivable may not be paid by reason of the Customer s fmaneial inability  to pay;        (0)   the Customer is the United States of America, any state or any department,  agency or instrumentality of any of them, unless any Loan Party assigns its right to payment of  such Receivable to Lender pursuant to the Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended  (31 U.S.C. Section 3727, ^ seq. and 41 U.S.C. Section 15, ^ seq.) or has otherwise complied  with other applicable statutes or ordinances;                                         -9-  

(P)   the goods giving rise to such Receivable have not been shipped and delivered to   and accepted by the Customer or the services giving rise to such Receivable have not been   perfomied by the applicable Loan Party and accepted by the Customer or such Receivable   otherwise does not represent a final sale (subject to returns in the Ordinary Course of Business);         (q)   the Receivables of the Customer exceed a credit limit determined by Lender, in its   Permitted Discretion, to the extent such Receivable exceeds such limit;         (r)   such Receivable is subject to any offset, deduction, defense, dispute, or   counterclaim, the Customer is also a creditor or supplier of a Loan Party or such Receivable is   contingent in any respect or for any reason;         (s)   the applicable Loan Party has made any agreement with any Customer for any   deduction therefrom, except for discounts or allowances made in the Ordinary Course of   Business for prompt payment, all of which discounts or allowances are reflected in the   calculation of the face value of each respective invoice related thereto;         (t)   any return, rejection or repossession of the merchandise giving rise to such  Receivable has occurred;         (u)   such Receivable is not payable to a Loan Party;         (V)   such Receivable is owed by a Customer located in any State that requires a   creditor to file a business activity report or similar document, or to qualify to do business in such   State, in order to bring suit to recover on such Receivables in such State, unless (i) Loan Party   has qualified to do business in such State or (ii) Loan Party has filed a business activity report or   such other similar required document in such jurisdiction, or (iii) to Customer is doing business   in, or otherwise is subject to the jurisdiction of, any other State;         (w)   such Receivable is payable in any currency other than Dollars;         (X)   such Receivable is issued in respect of partial payment, including  debit memos  and  charge-backs          (y)   such Receivable is owing by a Sanctioned Person; or         (z)   such Receivable is owned by any Unrestricted Affiliate or any Unrestricted  Subsidiary.         ''Environmental Complaint shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(dl.          Environmental Laws'' shall mean all federal, state and local environmental, land use,  zoning, health, chemical use, safety and sanitation laws, statutes, ordinances and codes relating  to the protection of the environment and/or governing the use, storage, treatment, generation,  transportation, processing, handling, production or disposal of Hazardous Substances and the  rules, regulations, policies, guidelines, interpretations, decisions, orders and directives of federal,   state and local governmental agencies and authorities with respect thereto.                                        - 10-  

'Equipment shall mean and include, as to each Loan Party, all of such Loan Party s  goods (other than Inventory) whether now owned or hereafter acquired and wherever located  including, without limitation, all equipment, machinery, motor vehicles, forklifts, fittings,  furniture, furnishings, fixtures, parts, attachments and accessories, and all replacements and  substitutions therefor or accessions thereto.          Equity Interests'  as to any Person, shall mean all shares, interests, partnership interests,  limited liability company interests or units, membership interests, participations, rights in or  other equivalents (however designated) of such Person s equity (however designated including,  without limitation, common and preferred shares and interests) and any rights, warrants or  options exchangeable for or convertible into such shares, interests, participations, rights or other  equity.          E-System  shall mean any electronic system, including Intralinks , The Debt Exchange  - DebtX , Sageworks  and any other internet or extranet-based site, whether sueh electronic  system is owned, operated or hosted by Lender, any Lender Party or any other Person, providing  for aeeess to data proteeted by passcodes or other security system.          Event of Default  shall mean the occurrence and continuance of any of the events set  forth in Article 11.          Excess Availability  shall mean, at the time of determination, the difference between (a)  the maximum amount of advances which can be made to Loan Party in accordance with this  Agreement and the other Credit Documents at such time, and (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate  amount of advances (and the undrawn face amount of Letters of Credit) under this Agreement  and the other Credit Documents (including advances to be made and Letters of Credit to be  issued) at such time, plus (ii) all trade indebtedness of Loan Party which is outstanding beyond  normal trade terms at such time, plus (iii) fees and expenses for which Loan Party is responsible  and which have not yet been charged to Loan Party s account or otherwise paid by Loan Party at  such time.          Existing Lender  shall mean John N. Hatsopoulos, a Director of Tecogen and any other  creditor of a Loan Party holding Funded Indebtedness on the Closing Date whieh is being  refinanced pursuant to the Initial Advance made pursuant hereto.           Existing Loans  shall mean all Indebtedness owing by Loan Parties to the Existing  Lender on the Closing Date, whether seeured or unsecured.          Excluded Equipment  shall mean the units of equipment referred to in Schedule 7.2  hereto, which, as of the date hereof, are (a) owned by ADGE and (b) located at the sites listed in  such Schedule 7.2. The defined term  Excluded Equipmenf  shall not include any Receivables  arising out of or in connection with any of the equipment referred to in Schedule 7.2.           Extraordinary Receipts  shall mean any cash proceeds received by a Loan Party or any  of its Subsidiaries not in the Ordinary Course of Business (other than from the issuance of Equity  Interests, the incurrenee of Indebtedness, the disposition of Collateral or any insured casualty  loss), including, without limitation, (a) foreign. United States, state or local tax refunds,  (b) pension plan reversions, (e) judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any                                       - 11 -  

kind in connection with any cause of action, (d) condemnation awards (and payments in lieu   thereof), (e) indemnity payiuents and (f) any adjustment received in connection with any   purchase price in respect of an acquisition.          'Federal Funds Rate   shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted   average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal   Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal   Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if   such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such   transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business   Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal   Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole   multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to the Bank on such day on such transactions as determined by   the Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds rate shall be less than zero, such   rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.          Financial Covenants   shall mean the Financial Covenants set forth in Section 8.1 and  Section 8.2.          Finished Goods   shall mean finished goods held for sale by a Loan Party in the   Ordinary Course of its Business.          Fiscal Year   shall mean Loan Parties  Fiscal Year as in effect on the Effective Date;   and the tenus  Fiscal Quarter   and  Fiscal Month   shall have correlative meanings.          Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio   shall mean and include, (subject to the proviso at the   end of this definition) with respect to any twelve consecutive Fiscal Month period of the Loan  Parties ending on the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, the ratio of:         (a) EBITDA of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis for such  period, minus (b) the sum of (i) any Unfmanced Capital Expenditures of the Loan Parties on a  Consolidated and Consolidating basis made during such period, (ii) all charges against income of  the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis for such period for federal, state and  local taxes actually paid during such period, and (iii) any dividends or other distributions to  Shareholders of the Loan Parties made during such period, to        (b) Fixed Charges for such twelve month period.         Fixed Charges   shall mean and include, with respect to any twelve consecutive Fiscal  Month period of the Loan Parties ending on the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, the sum (without  duplication) of:        (a)   all scheduled payments (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal paid or  payable on Funded Indebtedness of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis  outstanding during such period (excluding Revolving Advances), and, in the case of Permitted  Subordinated Debt, any such payments actually made in such period, if not otherwise scheduled  to be made therein, plus                                        - 12 -  

(b)   all interest expense of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis   (including Revolving Advances) during such period, plus         (c)   all payments on Capitalized Leases of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and   Consolidating basis made during such period.         ' Foreign Subsidiary   shall mean any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary.          Funded Indebtedness   shall mean (without duplication) all Indebtedness:         (a)   for money borrowed, including the Advances,         (b)   which is evidenced by notes, drafts, bonds, debentures, credit documents or  similar instruments.         (c)   for the deferred payment for a term of one (1) year or more of the purchase price  of any asset.         (d)   consisting of Capital Lease Obligations,         (e)   consisting of reimbursement and other outstanding obligations (whether or not   contingent) with respect to letters of credit and bankers  acceptances, and         (f)   consisting of guaranties of any Indebtedness of the foregoing types owing by  another Person.          GAAF  shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of  America in effect from time to time.          Governmental Body   shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political   subdivision thereof or any entity exercising the legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative  functions of or pertaining to a government.         Guarantor   shall mean any Person (other than a Loan Party) who may hereafter  guarantee payment or performance of the whole or any part of the Obligations. On the Closing  Date, there are no Guarantors.         Guaranty   shall mean any guaranty of the payment or performance of the whole or any  part of the Obligations, in whole or in part, executed at any time by a Guarantor in favor of  Lender for the ratable benefit of the Lender Parties.         Hazardous Discharge   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(d).         Hazardous Substance   shall mean, without limitation, any flammable explosives,  radon, radioactive materials, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated  biphenyls, petroleum and petroleum products, methane, hazardous materials. Hazardous Wastes,  hazardous or Toxic Substances or related materials as defined in CERCLA, the Hazardous  Materials Transportation Act, as amended (49 U.S.C. Section 1801, ^ ^.), RCRA, Articles 15                                        - 13 -  

and 27 of the New York State Environmental Conservation Law or any other applicable   Enviromnental Law and in the regulations adopted pursuant thereto.         ' Hazardous Wastes'  shall mean all waste materials subject to regulation under   CERCLA, RCRA or applicable state law, and any other applicable Federal and state laws now in   force or hereafter enacted relating to hazardous waste disposal.          Hedge Contract shall mean any  hedge,   swap,   collar,   cap  or similar agreement   between a Loan Party and any other financial institution, including, without limitation. Bank or   any other Affiliate of WBCC, intended to fix the relative amount of such Loan Party s risk in   respect of changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange.           Historical Financial Statements'' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4fa).           Indebtedness  of a Person at a particular date, shall mean all obligations of such Person   which in accordance with GAAP would be classified upon a balance sheet as liabilities (except   Equity Interests and surplus earned or otherwise) and in any event, without limitation by reason   of enumeration, shall include all indebtedness, debt and other similar monetary obligations of   such Person whether direct or guaranteed, and all premiums, if any, due at the required  prepayment dates of such indebtedness, and all indebtedness secured by a Lien on assets owned  by such Person, whether or not such indebtedness actually shall have been created, assumed or   incurred by such Person. Any indebtedness of such Person resulting from the acquisition by   such Person of any assets subject to any Lien shall be deemed, for the purposes hereof, to be the   equivalent of the creation, assumption and incurring of the indebtedness secured thereby,   whether or not actually so created, assumed or incurred.           Initial Advance  shall mean the initial Advance (or series of initial Advances) to be  made on the Closing Date.           Interest Payment Date  shall mean (a) as to any Domestic Rate Loan, the first day of  each calendar month commencing on the first of such days to occur after the Closing Date, (b) as  to any LIBOR Rate Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto and, if such  Interest Period is longer than three months in duration, each day which is three months, or a  whole multiple thereof, after the first day of such Interest Period and the last day of such Interest  Period, and (c) as to all Revolving Advances, the Revolving Maturity Date.          Interest Period  shall mean as to each LIBOR Rate Loan, the period commencing on, as  the case may be, the date on which such LIBOR Rate Loan is made or into which a Loan is  converted with respect thereto and ending one month thereafter; provided, however, that (a) if  any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, such Interest  Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension  would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month, in which event such Interest  Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day, in which event, the next Interest  Period for such LIBOR Loan shall begin on such date or, if no election shall have been made to  continue such LIBOR Loan, such LIBOR Loan shall on such date become a Domestic Rate Loan  and (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a  day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such                                        - 14-  

Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of a calendar month. Interest Periods shall be   subject to the provisions of Sections 2,2 and 3.2.          /P Security Agreement Supplement'  shall mean a seeurity agreement, to be in   registrable fonn and otherwise to be in form and substance satisfactory to Lender pursuant to   whieh Lender may give notice of record of its Lien on trademarks, patents and copyrights owned   by a Loan Party and registered with the United States govermnent.         ''IRS  shall mean the Internal Revenue Service of the United States Treasury, and any   successor thereto.          Issuer  shall mean any Person who issues a Letter of Credit and/or accepts a draft   pursuant to the terms thereof which, in all cases, shall be the Bank, unless otherwise required by   the Bank or approved by Lender and the Loan Parties.          Issuer Documents  shall mean with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter Credit   Application, the Letter of Credit Agreement, and any other document, agreement and instrument   entered into by the Issuer and any Loan Party or in favor of the Issuer and relating to any such   Letter of Credit.          Leased Locations  shall mean the locations listed in Schedule 1.1 which are leased by   the Loan Party and at which the Loan Party stores Inventory.          Leasehold Interests  shall mean all of each Loan Party s right, title and interest in and   to any Real Property owned by a Person other than Loan Party, whether as tenant, lessee,   licensee, operator or otherwise.          Lender  shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall   include each Person which becomes a transferee, successor or assign of Lender.          Lender Party  shall mean Lender, the Bank, any Issuer (other than the Bank), any   Purehasing Lender and any Participant, together with each other holder from time to time of any   interest in any of the Obligations.          Letter of Credit Agreement  shall mean an agreement for the issuanee of letters of   credit, dated on or after the date of this Agreement, between (or among) Loan Parties, Borrowing   Representative and Lender and the Bank, concerning the issuance of Letters of Credit.          Letter of Credit Application  shall mean an application for the issuance or amendment   of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the Issuer.          Letter of Credit Fee' has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.          Letter of Credit Obligations  shall mean the sum (without duplication) of (a) the  undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at any time plus (b) all amounts drawn  under Letters of Credit but unreimbursed to Lender at such time.                                        - 15 -  

''Letter of Credit SublimiC shall mean the sum of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100  Dollars ($500,000), or such higher (or lower) sum as Lender may pennit or impose from time to  time. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is a sublimit of the Revolving Commitment.         Letters of Credit' shall have the meaning set forth in the Letter of Credit Agreement.         LLBOR Rate  shall mean a rate of interest per annum, as determined by Lender, equal to  the rate for deposits in Dollars based upon the one (1) month London Interbank Offered Rate  quoted by the ICE Benchmark Administration two (2) Business Days prior to the interest reset  date for the offering by Lender to prime commercial banks in the London interbank market of  Dollar deposits in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of the applicable  Loan. Any change in the interest rate resulting from a change in the LIBOR Rate shall become  effective immediately upon the date on which such change in the LIBOR Rate shall be adopted  by Lender, as adjusted for, without limitation, basic, supplemental, marginal and emergency  reserves) under any regulation promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve  System (or any other Governmental Body having jurisdiction over the Lender) as in effect from  time to time, dealing with reserve requirements prescribed for Eurocurrency funding including  any reserve requirements with respect to  Eurocurrency liabilities  under Regulation D of the  Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. If the LIBOR Rate shall be discontinued or  does not reflect the cost of funds of Lender or for any other reason shall not be available for  detenuining the LIBOR Rate, then Lender shall select a substitute method of determining the  LIBOR Rate and shall notify maker of such selection, which method shall, in Lender s  reasonable estimation, yield a rate of return to Lender substantially equivalent to the rate of  return that Lender would have expected to receive if the LIBOR Rate still had been available for  that purpose. In the event that the LIBOR Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed  to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.        'LLBOR Rate Loan  shall mean an Advance at any time that bears interest based on the LIBOR Rate.         Lien  shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment,  security interest, lien (whether statutory or otherwise). Charge, claim or encumbrance, or  preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement held or asserted in  respect of any asset of any kind or nature whatsoever including, without limitation, any  conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease having substantially the same  economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing  statement under the Unifonu Commercial Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction.         Loan  shall mean a Domestie Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan.        Loan Parties  shall mean the Borrowers and Guarantors.        Lock-Box Account  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.         Lock-Box Agreement  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.        Lock-Box Bank  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.                                       - 16-  

' Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the financial   condition, operations, assets, or business of the applicable Person or Persons, (b) Loan Parties    ability to pay the Obligations in accordance with the tenns thereof, (c) the value of the Collateral,   or Lender s Liens on the Collateral or the priority of any such Lien or (d) the practical realization   of the benefits of Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Credit   Documents.          Material Agreements'  shall mean and include, in the case of each Loan Party, any of  the following having monetary obligations equal to or greater than the Materiality Threshold:   (a) any lease of Real Property, (b) any lease of personal property, (c) any license agreement for   the use of any intellectual property necessary for, or material to, to the operation of its business,  (d) any agreement evidencing, pertaining to or securing the payment of, any Indebtedness,  (e) any labor or union contract, (f) any employment contracts with executive officers of Loan  Parties, (g) any long-term purchase or supply contracts, any vendor agreements, any   distributorship agreements filed by Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission as  material agreements in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and (h) any other   contract or agreement the tennination of which (without its contemporaneous replacement)  would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.         Materiality Threshold  shall mean Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000).         Maximum Revolving Advance Amount  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).         Net Proceeds  shall mean:               (a)   in respect of the issuance of Equity Interests, cash proceeds (including  cash proceeds as and when received in respect of non-cash proceeds received or receivable in  connection with such issuance), net of underwriting discounts and reasonable out-of-pocket costs  and expenses paid or incurred in connection therewith in favor of any Person not an Affiliate of  any Loan Party;               (b)  in respect of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, cash proceeds (including  cash proceeds as and when received in respect of non-cash proceeds received or receivable in  connection with such issuance), net of underwriting discounts, commissions, fees, and  reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses paid or incurred in connection therewith in favor of  any Person not an Affiliate of any Loan Party;              (c)   in respect of the sale or other disposition of any Collateral, the cash  proceeds of the sale or disposition of assets (including by way of merger), net of (i) any  Permitted Purchase Money Debt secured by assets being sold in such transaction required to be  paid from such proceeds, (ii) income taxes that, as estimated by Loan Parties in good faith, will  be required to be paid by Loan Parties (or its stockholders or members) or any of their respective  Subsidiaries in cash as a result of such sale or disposition, and within one hundred eighty (180)  days (provided that any such amounts that are not actually paid in taxes within such period shall  automatically become Net Proceeds), (iii) reasonable reserves for liabilities, indemnification,  escrows and purchase price adjustments resulting from the sale of assets, (iv) transfer, sales, use                                        - 17-  

and other similar taxes payable in connection with such sale or disposition, and (v) all reasonable   commissions, fees and other expenses of Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries   payable in connection with such sale or disposition;               (d)   in respect of an insured loss in respect of any Collateral, any and all   proceeds of casualty insurance or condemnation received by Loan Parties or any their respective   Subsidiaries in connection with a casualty or condemnation event, net of fees and expenses   incurred in the collection thereof; and               (e)   in respect of Extraordinary Receipts, net of fees and expenses incurred in  the collection thereof         ''Note'' shall mean the Revolving Note and any other promissory note at any time   evidencing any other portion of the Obligations.          Obligations  shall mean and include any and all of each Loan Party s Indebtedness   and/or liabilities to Lender and each other Lender Party, of every kind, nature and description,   direct or indirect, secured or unsecured, joint, several, joint and several, absolute or contingent,   due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or tortious, liquidated or  unliquidated, regardless of how such Indebtedness or liabilities arise or by what agreement or   instrument they may be evidenced or whether evidenced by any agreement or instrument,  including interest accruing after any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding whether or not   allowed or allowable on any such proceeding and including, without limitation, any and all of   any Loan Party s Indebtedness and/or liabilities to Lender and each other Lender Party, under  this Agreement, the other Credit Documents, any Bank Product or under any other agreement  between Lender and each other Lender Party and any Loan Party, and all obligations of any Loan  Party to Lender and each other Lender Party to perform acts or refrain from taking any action.  The term  Obligations  further includes, without limitation, all Letter of Credit Obligations.         OFAC' shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets  Control, and its successors.         Ordinary Course of Business  shall mean the ordinary course of business of Loan  Parties conducted as of the Closing Date.         Organic Documents  shall mean: (a) for a corporation, its articles (or certificate) of  incorporation and bylaws; (b) for a partnership, its articles of organization (if any) and  partnership agreement; and (c) for a limited liability company, its articles (or certificate) of  organization and any operating agreement; together with, for each such entity and any other  entity not described above, such other, similar documents as are integral to its fonuation or the  conduct of its business operations.         Overadvance  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8tal.         Participant  shall mean each Person who shall be granted the right by Lender to  participate in any of the Advances and who shall have entered into a participation agreement in  fonu and substance satisfactory to Lender.                                        - 18-  

'Payment Office'  shall mean, initially, the office of Lender located at 360 Lexington  Avenue, Fifth Floor, New York, New York 10017; thereafter, such other office of Lender, if any,  which it may designate by notice to Borrowing Representative to be the Payment Office.           Perfection Certificate  shall mean, collectively, the Perfection Certificate for each Loan  Party and the responses thereto provided by such Loan Party and delivered to Lender on the   Closing Date.           Permitted Capitalized Lease Obligations  shall mean any Indebtedness represented by   Capitalized Lease Obligations, and the amount of such Indebtedness shall be the capitalized   amount of such obligations determined in accordance with GAAP and not to exceed the amount   set forth in Section 7.8(b).           Permitted Discretion  shall mean a determination made by Lender in good faith and in   the exercise of its credit judgment from the standpoint of a secured, asset-based lender making   loans of similar type and size, based on the facts and circumstances then presented to it without   regard to any prior course of dealing.           Permitted Encumbrances  shall mean:         (a)   Liens in favor of Lender for the benefit of itself and each other Lender Party   which, in each case, secure Obligations;         (b)   Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not delinquent or   being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which proper   reserves have been taken by Loan Party; provided, however, that (i) the Lien has no effect on the  priority of the Liens in favor of Lender and a stay of enforcement of any such Lien shall be in   effect, (ii) the amount of such charges, individually or in the aggregate, does not exceed the   Materiality Threshold, or (iii) the full amount of such charges (and any penalties thereon) have   been reserved against the Borrowing Base;         (c)   deposits or pledges to secure obligations under worker s compensation, social   security or similar laws, or under unemployment insurance;         (d)   judgment Liens which do not otherwise constitute an Event of Default under   Section 11.6. that have been (and remain) stayed or bonded and are being contested in good faith   by the applicable Loan Party, and provided that adequate reserves have been posted therefor;         (e)   deposits or pledges to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the   payment of money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds and other obligations   of like nature arising in the ordinary course of any Loan Party s business;         (f)   mechanic s, worker s, materialmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary   course of any Loan Party s business with respect to obligations which are not due or which are  being contested in good faith by the applicable Loan Party and adequate reserves have been   posted therefor;                                         - 19-  

(g)   Purchase Money Liens provided that (i) any such Purchase Money Lien shall not  encumber any other property of Loan Parties, except the Real Property or Equipment acquired  with the proceeds of Pennitted Purchase Money Debt; and (ii) such Liens shall be released as  and when the Permitted Purchase Money Debt corresponding thereto is fully paid and satisfied;        (h)   Liens in the nature of ownership interests of lessors of real and personal property;        (i)   Liens in favor of a lessor under a Capital Lease, provided that any such Lien shall  not encumber any property of Loan Parties, except the Real Property or the Equipment subject to  such Capital Lease; and (ii) such Liens shall be released as and when the Capital Lease  Obligations corresponding thereto are fully paid and satisfied; and        G)    other Liens incidental to the conduct of Loan Parties  business or the ownership  of their respective property and assets which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing  of money or the obtaining of advances or credit, and which do not in the aggregate materially  detract from Lender s rights in and to the Collateral or the value of Loan Parties  property or  assets or which do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of Loan Parties   business.  For avoidance of any doubt, any Liens constituting Permitted Encumbrances shall be considered  to be Permitted Encumbrances only so long as such Liens were validly granted or obtained, have  attached and remain duly perfected under the applicable law in which they arose, and no holder  of any such Lien shall have any right vis-a-vis any Lender Party to claim the status of such Lien  as a Permitted Encumbrance in any event notwithstanding its inclusion therein.         'Permitted Purchase Money Debf shall mean Indebtedness incurred to fund the  purchase of Equipment or Real Property by a Loan Party or any Subsidiary for use in its business  operations (not to exceed, in aggregate amount as to all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, the  amount set forth in Section 7.8(b)), and the Indebtedness incurred does not exceed one hundred  percent (100%) of the purchase price of such Equipment or Real Property and not to exceed the  amount set forth in Section 7.8(b).         Permitted Subordinated Debf shall mean indebtedness of the Loan Party that is  unsecured, bears interest and has terms and conditions acceptable to the Lender and is  subordinated to all Obligations of the Loan Parties pursuant to a Subordination Agreement.         Person  shall mean any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation,  business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, limited  liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, joint venture, entity or government  (whether Federal, state, county, city, municipal or otherwise, including any instrumentality,  division, agency, body or department thereof).         Pledged Account  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.         Pledged Account Agreement  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.         Prime Rate  shall mean the base commercial lending rate of the Bank as publicly  announced to be in effect from time to time, such rate to be adjusted automatically, without                                       -20-  

notice, on the effective date of any change in such rate. This rate of interest is detennined from   time to time by the Bank as a means of pricing some loans to its customers and is neither tied to   any external rate of interest or index nor does it necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest   actually charged by the Bank to any particular class, or category of customers of the Bank.           Projections'  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.9.           Purchase Money Liens  shall mean Liens granted by a Loan Party or any Subsidiary on   Equipment or Real Property acquired with the proceeds of Permitted Purchase Money Debt.           Purchasing Lender  shall have the meaning set forth in Section Ih.dtcV          Raw Materials  shall mean goods held by a Loan Party for use in the production of   Finished Goods or to serviee, repair or maintain Finished Goods sold by a Loan Party in the   Ordinary Course of its Business.           RCRA  shall mean the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C.    6901, ^   seq.' as same may be amended from time to time.           Real Property  shall mean all of each Loan Party s right, title and interest in and to its   owned and leased premises, existing on or after the Closing Date, including, particularly, the real   property identified on Schedule 5.24           Receivables  shall mean and include, as to each Loan Party, all of such Loan Party s   accounts, contract rights, instruments (including those evidencing indebtedness owed to Loan  Parties by their respective Affiliates), doeuments, chattel paper (including electronic chattel  paper), general intangibles relating to accounts, drafts and acceptances (including payment  intangibles), and all other forms of obligations owing to such Loan Party arising out of or in  connection with the sale or lease of Inventory or the rendition of services, all guarantees and  other security therefor, whether seeured or unsecured, now existing or hereafter created, and  whether or not specifically sold or assigned to Lender hereunder.          Release  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(c)(i).          Requirements of Law  shall mean all federal, state, provincial and local laws, rules,  regulations, orders, decrees or other determinations of an arbitrator, court or other Governmental  Body, including all disclosure and other requirements of ERISA, the requirements of  Environmental Laws and environmental pennits, the requirements of the Federal Occupational  Safety and Health Act, the requirements of the United States Department of Labor, and margin requirements, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to  which such Person or any of its property is subject.          Revolving Advances  shall mean Advances made under the Revolving Commitment.           Revolving Commitment  shall mean the sum of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000).                                        -21 -  

'Revolving Credit Exposure ' shall mean, on any date, the sum of, on such date, of   (a) the amount outstanding of Revolving Advances, and (b) the amount of Letter of Credit   Obligations outstanding.          Revolving Interest Rate  shall mean an interest rate per annum equal to, as applicable:   (a) the sum of the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin, with respect to Domestic Rate Loans   for Revolving Advances, or (b) the sum of the LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Margin with   respect to LIBOR Rate Loans for Revolving Advances.          Revolving Maturity Date  shall mean the third anniversary of the Closing Date, or such   earlier date on which the Revolving Advances shall become due and payable, pursuant to this   Agreement, whether by acceleration or otherwise.          Revolving Note  shall mean the promissory note referred to in Section 2.Ubl evidencing   Indebtedness of the Borrowers to Lender arising from Revolving Advances.          Sanctioned Country  shall mean a country subject to a sanctions program identified on   any list thereof maintained by OFAC, as published from time to time.          Sanctioned Person  shall mean any Person (a) named on any list of  Specifically   Designated Nationals,   Blocked Persons,   Specifically Designated Terrorists,   Specially   Designated Narcotics Traffickers  or  Foreign Terrorist Organizations  maintained by OFAC, as   published from time to time; or (b) that is (i) an agent of the government of a Sanctioned   Country, (ii) an organization controlled by a Sanctioned Country, or (iii) a Person resident in a   Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC.          Securities  shall mean and include, as to each Loan Party, all marketable securities and   investoent property owned by such Loan Party, whether now existing or hereafter created,   whether certificated or uncertificated, including any held by any intermediary in any  street    name, pursuant to any custody arrangement or otherwise, together with all security entitlements.          Security Agreement  shall mean a security agreement, in form and substance   satisfactory to Lender, by and among Borrowers, the Guarantors and Lender, pursuant to which   each Borrower and each Guarantor grants a security interest in the collateral specified therein in   favor of Lender.         Shareholders  in respect of any Equity Interests, shall mean the owners and holders  thereof          Subordinated Debt  shall mean Indebtedness which has been subordinated, in right of  payment and claim, to the rights and claims of Lender in respect of the Obligations, on ternis   satisfactory to Lender, pursuant to a Subordination Agreement.          Subordination Agreement  shall mean an agreement, satisfactory in fonn and substance  to Lender, among (a) Lender, for the benefit of the Lender Parties, (b) a creditor holding   Indebtedness permitted to be incurred hereunder, and (c) the Loan Parties (whether directly or by   consent), setting forth the tenus by which such Indebtedness held by such creditor shall become  Penuitted Subordinated Debt.                                        -22-  

''Subsidiary  shall mean a corporation or other entity of whose Equity Interests having   ordinary voting power (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the   happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation or other   entity, or other Persons perfonning similar functions for such corporation or entity, are owned,   directly or indirectly, by such Person. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, references   herein to a  Subsidiary'  or the  Subsidiaries  shall mean and refer to Subsidiaries of Loan   Parties, including any not in being on the Effective Date in anticipation of their subsequent   creation or acquisition in accordance with the ternis hereof Any Unrestricted Subsidiary shall   not constitute a Subsidiary of any Borrower.          Swap Obligation  shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or   perfonn under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a  swap  within the   meaning of section la(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.          Toxic Substance  shall mean and include any material present on the Real Property   which has been shown to have significant adverse effect on human health or which is subject to  regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C.    2601, et seq.,   applicable state law, or any other applicable Federal or state laws now in force or hereafter   enacted relating to toxic substances, including but not limited to asbestos, polychlorinated  biphenyls (PCBs) and lead-based paints.          Unfinanced Capital Expenditures  shall mean Capital Expenditures that are not funded  with the proceeds of Permitted Purchase Money Debt or represented by Capitalized Lease  Obligations.          Uniform Commercial Code  or  UCC shall mean the Unifomi Commercial Code as  adopted in the State of New York.          Unrestricted A ffiliate  means any Affiliate that is not wholly-owned by any of the Borrowers.         Unrestricted Subsidiary  means (a) Ultera Technologies Inc., and (b) any Subsidiary  that is not wholly-owned by any of the Borrowers.         Value  shall mean, as determined by Lender in its Permitted Discretion, (a) with respect  to Eligible Receivables, the gross face amount of Eligible Receivables less the sum of (i) sales,  excise or similar taxes included in the amount thereof and (ii) returns, discounts, claims, credits,  charges and allowances of any nature at any time issued, owing, granted, outstanding, available  or claimed with respect thereto; and (b) with respect to Eligible Inventory, the lower of (i) its  cost computed on a first-in first-out (FIFO) basis in accordance with GAAP or (ii) its market  value.         Vardakas DismissaU shall mean that the Vardakas Litigation has been dismissed  pursuant to a final, non-appealable judgment issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or  following the execution of a settlement agreement regarding the litigation and the dismissal of  the Vardakas Litigation with prejudice.                                        -23 -  

''Vardakas Litigation  means the litigation filed on Febmary 15, 2017 in the US District   Court of the District of Massachusetts as Lee Vardakas, et al. v. American DG Energy Inc. (Case   No. l:17-cv-10247).         ^'Warehouse Locations  means the public warehouses located in the places listed in   Schedule 1.2 and in which any Loan Party stores Inventory.          'WBCC' shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement; and shall   include its successors and assigns.   2. AD VANCES, PA YMENTS.         2.1   Revolving Advances.                (a)   Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, during  the Availability Period, Lender will make Revolving Advances to the Loan Parties, and, subject  to the terms of this Agreement and the Letter of Credit Agreement, the Lender will cause Letters   of Credit to be issued by the Issuer for the account of the Loan Parties, provided that (A) the   aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure, after giving effect to such requested  Revolving Advances or Letters of Credit shall not exceed the lesser of (1) the Revolving   Commitment or (2) the Borrowing Base (such lesser sum being called herein the  'Maximum  Revolving Advance Amount') and (B) the Letter of Credit Obligations shall not exceed the  Letter of Credit Sublimit.               (b)   The Revolving Advances shall be evidenced by a secured promissory note  issued to Lender in a principal amount equal to the Revolving Commitment substantially in the  form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1.        2.2   Procedure for Borrowing.               (a)   Borrowing Representative, on behalf of Loan Parties, shall notify Lender  (i) prior to 11:00 a.m. on a Business Day of a Loan Party s request to specify, on that day, a  Domestic Rate Loan and (ii) prior to 11:00 a.m. at least three (3) Business Days of a Loan  Party s request for a LIBOR Rate Loan and, in each case shall specify:                     (1)   the date of the proposed borrowing (which shall be a Business Day),                     (2)   the type of borrowing and the amount on the date of such Advance  to be borrowed, which amount, in the case of any LIBOR Rate Loan, shall be an integral  multiple of One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($100,000), and                     (3)  whether the Loan is a Domestic Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan.  If requested by Lender, each notice of borrowing shall be made (or confirmed after telephonic  notice) in writing in such form as may be required or approved by Lender from time to time.                                        -24-  

Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, unless otherwise approved by Lender, no LIBOR Rate  Loan shall be made available to Loan Parties (A) until four (4) days after the Closing Date, or, in   any event, (B) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default.               (b) Loan Parties agree that in the event any interest, fees or other charges  under this Agreement or any other agreement with any Lender Party, or with respect to any other   Obligation, are not paid when due. Loan Parties shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving   Advance as of the date such payment is due, in the amount required to pay in full such interest,   fee, charge or Obligation under this Agreement or any other agreement with any Lender Party,   and such request shall be irrevocable. Lender shall cause the proceeds of such Revolving   Advance to be paid to such Person.               (c) There shall not be outstanding at any time more than five (5) LIBOR Rate   Loans. Borrowing Representative shall elect the duration of each succeeding Interest Period by   giving irrevocable written notice to Lender of such duration not less than three (3) Business Days   prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loan. If   Lender does not receive timely notice of the Interest Period elected by Borrowing   Representative, Loan Parties shall be deemed to have elected to convert to a Domestic Rate Loan   subject to Section 3.2('b ).         2.3   Disbursement of Revolving Advance Proceeds.               (a)   All Advances shall be disbursed from whichever office or other place   Lender may designate from time to time and, together with any and all other Obligations of Loan   Parties to Lender, shall be charged to Borrowers  Account on Lender s books. During the   Availability Period, Borrowers may use the Revolving Advances by borrowing, prepaying and   re-borrowing same, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof The proceeds of   each Revolving Advance made by Lender shall be made available to the applicable Borrower by   way of credit to such Borrower s operating account at the Bank or at such other bank as   Borrowing Representative may designate following notification to Lender, in immediately   available federal funds or other immediately available funds or be disbursed to Lender to be   applied to the outstanding Obligations giving rise to any deemed request.               (b)   Any sums expended by Lender due to any Loan Party s failure to perfonn   or comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, may be   charged to Borrower s Account as a Revolving Advance and added to the Obligations.         2.4   Maximum Revolving Advances.    The aggregate balance of all Revolving  Advances and all Letter of Credit Obligations at any time shall not exceed the Maximum  Revolving Advance Amount at such time.         2.5   Advance Requests. In the event that Borrower (or Borrowing Representative, on   their behalf) shall request that Lender make any Advance to Borrowers either prior to that date   on which, pursuant hereto. Lender has agreed to make such Advance available to Borrowers   te.g.. prior to the expiration of at least three (3) Business Days after notice, in respect of LIBOR   Rate Loans, or, alternatively, after any deadline has passed for Borrowers making of such request   on a timely basis pursuant hereto; after 11:00 a.m. on a Business Day in respect of requests                                         -25 -  

for Revolving Advances being made as Domestic Rate Loans), Lender may make such requested  Advances (a) in its sole discretion on such Business Day or (b) if not, on the next Business Day.         2.6   Scheduled Payment ofAdvances  and Other Obligations.               (a)   All Revolving Advances shall be due and payable in full on the Revolving  Maturity Date, subject to earlier prepayment, in whole or in part, as provided in this Agreement   or in any other Credit Document.               (b)   All payments and reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers with  respect to Letters of Credit shall be due and payable on the date payment thereof is made by the   Lender or the Issuer.               (c)   All payments of principal, interest, fees, all payments and reimbursement   obligations with respect to Letters of Credit and other amounts payable hereunder, or under any   of the other Credit Documents shall be made to Lender at the Payment Office not later than   1:00 p.m. on their due date in lawful money of the United States of America in federal funds or   other funds immediately available to Lender. Lender shall have the right to obtain payment on   any and all Obligations due and owing hereunder by charging Loan Borrowers Account or by   making Revolving Advances as provided in Section 2.2fa).               (d)   Borrowers agree to pay principal, interest, fees and all other amounts   payable hereunder, or under any other Credit Documents as and when due, without any   deduction whatsoever, including, without limitation, any deduction for any right of offset,   discount, charge-back or counterclaim.         2.7   Voluntary Prepayments               (a) The Revolving Advances, may be at the option of Loan Parties, upon one   (1) Business Day s prior written notice in the case of a Domestic Rate Loan and three (3)   Business Days  prior written notice, in the case of a LIBOR Rate Loan prepaid, in whole at any   time or in part from time to time, without premium or penalty, but with accrued interest on the   principal being prepaid to the date of such repayment and subject to payment of any amounts due   under Section 3.11. Loan Parties shall specify the date of prepayment of Advances which are   LIBOR Rate Loans and the amount of such prepayment.         2.8   Mandatory Prepayments.               (a) Prepayment of Overadvances. Loan Parties agree, at any time that the   Revolving Credit Exposure outstanding exceeds the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount at   such time (herein  'Overadvances''), to prepay the Overadvances by an amount equal to such   excess, immediately and without the necessity of any demand, at the Payment Office, whether or  not a Default or Event of Default has occurred.               (b)   Prepayments from Net Proceeds, (i) In the event any Loan Party  receives Net Proceeds as a result of:                     (1)   the issuance of any Equity Interests for cash, or                                        -26-  

(2)   the incurrence of any Indebtedness not otherwise expressly  pennitted in Section 7.8, or                     (3)   the sale or other disposition of any Collateral other than Inventory   in the Ordinary Course of Business, or                     (4)   an insured loss in respect of any Collateral or awards in respect of  any condemnation of collateral, or                     (5)   obtains any Extraordinary Receipts, then.   Loan Parties shall repay the Advances in an amount equal to the Net Proceeds promptly but in no   event more than two (2) Business Days following receipt of such Net Proceeds, and until the date   of payment, such proceeds shall be held in trust for Lender.                   (ii) The provisions of this Section 2.8 shall not be deemed to be an implied         consent to any such issuance, incurrence, sale or disposition otherwise prohibited by the         terms and conditions hereof         2.9   Application of Payments               (a)   Prepayments required to be made under Section 2.8 from Net Proceeds, if   derived from other than the sale of Inventory or sale or collection of Receivables, shall be   applied to Revolving Advances in such order as Lender may determine, without reduction,  however, in Borrowers  ability to reborrow Revolving Advances in accordance with the terms  hereof               (b) , After the occurrence and during the occurrence of any Event of Default,  the Lender may apply Net Proceeds and any other amounts it may receive, including amounts  from the proceeds of Collateral, to such Advances and other Obligations as the Lender deems  appropriate in its sole discretion.              (c)   The Lender agrees that, if the application of any voluntary prepayment or mandatory prepayment would result in a payment becoming due under Section 3.11, then the  Lender will, at the request of the Borrowers and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and  is continuing, hold such prepayment as cash collateral for the payment of the Obligations until  the earlier of (i) the date on which the application of any such prepayment would not result m a payment becoming due under Section 3.11 or (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default.        2.10  Use of Proceeds. Loan Parties shall use:              (a)   the proceeds of any Revolving Advances made on the Closing Date to pay  the Existing Loans, to pay closing costs and expenses associated with this transaction, and for the  respective working capital needs of the Borrowers.              (b)   the proceeds of Revolving Advances made on and after the Closing Date  to provide for their respective working capital needs or for other legitimate business purposes  which are not in contravention of any terms or conditions hereof                                       -27-  

(c)   Letters of Credit for general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties and Guarantors.        2.11 Statement ofAccount.               (a)   Lender shall maintain, in accordance with its customary procedures, a loan  account { 'Borrowers  Account ) in the name of Borrowers in which shall be recorded the date  and amount of each Advance made by Lender and the date and amount of each payment in  respect thereof; provided, however, that the failure by Lender to record the date and amount of  any Advance shall not adversely affect Lender.              (b)   Each month. Lender shall send to Borrowing Representative a statement  showing the accounting for the Advances made, payments made or credited in respect thereof,  and other transactions between Lender and Borrowers, during such month.              (c)   The monthly statements shall be deemed correct and binding upon  Borrowers in the absence of manifest error and shall constitute an account stated between Lender  and Borrowers unless Lender receives a written statement of Borrowers  specific exceptions  thereto within thirty (30) days after such statement is received by Borrowing Representative.  The records of Lender with respect to Borrowers  Account shall be conclusive evidence absent  manifest error of the amounts of Advances and other charges thereto and of payments applicable  thereto.        2.12  Manner of Payment. Except as otherwise may be expressly provided in  Section 4, all payments (including prepayments) to be made by Borrowers on account of  principal, interest and fees in respect of Advances or otherwise shall be made to Lender at the  Payment Office, in each case on or prior to 1:00 p.m., in Dollars and in immediately available  funds, without any right of offset, discount, charge-back or counterclaim.        2.13  Letters of Credit.              (a)   (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Lender agrees  to cause the Issuer (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing  Date until thirty days prior to the Revolving Maturity Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the  account of the Borrowers, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in  accordance with Section 2.13(b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit;  provided that after giving effect to the issuance of any Letter of Credit, (x) the Revolving  Exposure shall not exceed the lesser of the Revolving Commitment and the Borrowers Base, and  (y) the outstanding amount of the Letter of Credit Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of  Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrowing Representative for the issuance or amendment of  a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrowers that the Letter of  Credit so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding  sentence.                                        -28-  

(ii)    No Letter of Credit shall be issued if:                     (1)   the expiry date of a requested standby Letter of Credit would occur   more than twelve months after the date of issuance, unless the Lender has approved such expiry   date; or                     (2)   the expiry date of a requested trade Letter of Credit would occur   more than 180 days after the date of issuance, unless the Lender has approved such expiry date;                     (3)   the expiry date of any Letter of Credit is later than thirty (30) days  prior to the Revolving Maturity Date                   (iii) No Letter of Credit shall be issued if:                     (1)   any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or   arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuer from issuing such Letter of   Credit, or any Law applicable to the Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the   force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuer shall prohibit,   or request that the Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of   Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any   restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuer is not otherwise compensated   hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Issuer any unreimbursed   loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the Issuer in good   faith deems material to it;                     (2)   the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more  policies of the Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;                     (3)   such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars;                     (4)   unless otherwise agreed by the Lender and the Issuer pursuant to  this Agreement, such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the  stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or                  (iv) The Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the Issuer would        not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the        tenns hereof or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed        amendment to such Letter of Credit.              (b)   Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto- Extension Letters of Credit.                   (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be,        upon the request of the Borrowing Representative delivered to the Issuer (with a copy to        the Lender) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and        signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrowing Representative. Such Letter of Credit        Application must be received by the Issuer and the Lender not later than 11:00 a.m. at                                       -29-  

least two Business Days (or such other date and time as the Lender and the Issuer may  agree in a particular instance in their reasonable discretion) prior to the proposed issuance  date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial  issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in fonn and  detail reasonably satisfactory to the Lender and the Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date  of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof;  (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the  documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the   full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing  thereunder; and (G) such other matters as the Lender or Issuer may require. In the case of   a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit  Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Lender and the   Issuer: (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment   thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and  (D) such other matters as the Lender or the Issuer may require. Additionally, the   Borrowing Representative shall furnish to the Issuer and the Lender such other   documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or   amendment, and any Issuer Documents (including, if requested by the Issuer, a Letter of   Credit Agreement), as the Issuer or the Lender may require.             (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the Issuer   will confirm with the Lender (by telephone or in writing) that the Lender has received a   copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrowing Representative and, if not,   the Issuer will provide the Lender with a copy thereof Unless the Issuer has received   written notice from the Lender or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the   requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or   more applicable conditions contained in Section 10 in the case of an issuance on the   Closing Date or Section 10.2 in the case of any issuance thereafter shall not then be   satisfied, then, subject to the temas and conditions hereof, the Issuer shall, on the   requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the applicable Loan Party or   enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with   the Issuer s usual and customary business praetiees.            (iii) If the Borrowing Representative so requests in any applicable Letter of   Credit Application, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute diseretion, agree to issue a   standby Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an  ' Auto-   Extension Letter of Crediff, provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit   must permit the Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month   period (commencing with the date of issuance of such standby Letter of Credit) by giving   prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the   Non-Extension Notice   Date ') in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such standby   Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the Lender or the Issuer, the   Borrowing Representative shall not be required to make a specific request to the Lender  or the Issuer for any sueh extension. Once an Auto- Extension Letter of Credit has been   issued, the Lender shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the Issuer to   penuit the extension of such standby Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not   later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however, that the Lender shall                                  -30-  

instruct the Issuer not to perniit any such extension if (A) the Issuer has determined that it         would not be pennitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such standby         Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the temis hereof or (B) the Issuer         has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is         five Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Lender that it has         elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Lender or the Borrowing         Representative that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 10,02 is         not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the Issuer not to permit such extension.               (c)   Drawings and Reimbursements.         Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing   under such Letter of Credit, the Issuer shall notify the Borrowing Representative and the Lender   thereof not less than one (1) Business Day prior to the Honor Date (as defined below); provided,   however, that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Loan Parties   of their obligation to reimburse the Issuer and the Lender with respect to any such payment. On   the date of any payment by the Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an ''Honor   Date' ), the Borrowers shall reimburse the Issuer for the amount of the such drawing.               (d)   Applicability of ISP and UCP 600. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by   the Issuer and the Borrowing Representative when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the   ISP and the UCP 600 shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP   600 shall apply to each trade Letter of Credit.               (e)   Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to Issuer, The Borrowers   shall pay to the Lender for the benefit of the Issuer, any and all reasonable and customary fees   and expenses as expressly agreed upon by the Issuer and the Borrowing Representative in   conneetion with any Letter of Credit, including, without limitation, in connection with the   opening, amendment, or renewal of any such Letter of Credit and any acceptances created   thereunder and shall reimburse the Lender for any and all reasonable and customary fees and   expenses, if any, paid by the Lender to the Issuer. Any such charge in effect at the time of a   particular transaction shall be the charge for that transaction, notwithstanding any subsequent   change in the Issuer s prevailing eharges for that type of transaction. All fees payable hereunder   shall be deemed earned in full on the date when the same are due and payable hereunder and   shall not be subject to rebate or proration upon the tennination of this Agreement for any reason.               (f)   Cash Collateral for Letters of Credit, (i) If the Issuer has honored any full   or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an Letter   of Credit Obligation that remains outstanding, if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any   Letter of Credit Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, or during any time that an Event   of Default exists and is continuing, on demand of the Lender the Borrowers will cause cash to be   deposited and maintained in an account with the Lender, as cash collateral { Cash CollateraF),   in an amount equal to one hundred five percent (105%) of the undrawn face amount of any   outstanding Letters of Credit, and each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Lender, in its  reasonable discretion, on such Borrower s behalf and in such Borrower s name, to open such an   account and to make and maintain deposits therein, or in an account opened by such Loan Party,  in the amounts required to be made by such Borrower, out of the proceeds of Collateral or out of                                        -31 -  

any other funds of such Borrower coming into the Lender s possession at any time. No Borrower  may withdraw amounts credited to any such account except upon the irrevocable payment and perfonnance in full of all Obligations and termination of this Agreement.                   (ii) For purposes of this Agreement,  Cash Collateralize  means to grant        a security interest in and deposit with or deliver to the Bank, for the benefit of the Issuer         and the Lender, as collateral for the Letter of Credit Obligations, cash or deposit account        balances in an amount equal to 105% of the outstanding amount of all Letter of Credit         Obligations pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to        the Lender and the Issuer. The Borrowers hereby grant to the Lender a security interest in         all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing.         Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at         the Bank. If at any time the Lender reasonably determines that any funds held as Cash         Collateral are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Lender or that the         total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate outstanding amount of all Letter of         Credit Obligations, the Borrowers will, forthwith upon demand by the Lender, pay to the         Lender, as additional funds to be deposited as Cash Collateral, an amount equal to the         excess of (x) such aggregate outstanding amount over (y) the total amount of funds, if         any, then held as Cash Collateral that the Lender reasonably determines to be free and         clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit for which         funds are on deposit as Cash Collateral, such funds shall be applied to reimburse the         Issuer and, to the extent not so applied, shall thereafter be applied to satisfy other         Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.               (g) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the   terms hereof and the tenns of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms of the Letter of Credit   Agreement shall control.         2.14 Reimbursement and Payments Obligations.         The obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the Issuer for each drawing under each   Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in   accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:                   (i)  any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this         Agreement, or any other Credit Document and irrespective of any set off, counterclaim or         defense to payment which any Borrower may have or have had against any beneficiary,         the Lender or any other Person;                   (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right         that the Borrowers may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such         Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee         may be acting), the Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this         Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by sueh Letter of Credit or any         agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;                                         -32-  

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such       Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or        any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the       transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under        such Letter of Credit;                 (iv) any payment by the Issuer under such Letter of Credit against       presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such        Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any        Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the       benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any        beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection        with any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Action;                 (V)   any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not        similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise        constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrowers or any of their        Subsidiaries; or                 (Vi)  the fact that any Event of Default shall have occurred and be       continuing.  3.   INTEREST AND FEES.        3.1   Interest.              (a)   Interest on Advances shall be payable to Lender in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Advance.              (b)   Interest charges shall be computed on the actual principal amount of  Advances outstanding during the month (the   Monthly Advances' ) at a rate per annum equal to:                   (i) Revolving Interest Rate with respect to Revolving Advances; and                  (ii) Upon the occurrence and during the occurrence of an Event of Default,        the Obligations shall bear interest at the applicable rates set forth in Section 3.1(a) plus an        additional two (2%) percent per annum (as applicable, the  Default Rate ). All such        interest shall be payable on demand.        3.2   Continuations and Conversions.              (a)   Borrowers may, provided that no Default or Event of Default shall have  occurred and be continuing, on the last Business Day of the then current Interest Period  applicable to any outstanding LIBOR Rate Loan, or on any Business Day with respect to  Domestic Rate Loans, elect to continue a LIBOR Rate Loan with a new Interest Period specified  by Borrowing Representative or convert any such Loan into a Domestic Rate Loan, provided that  any conversion of a LIBOR Rate Loan shall be made only on the last Business Day of the then  current Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loan.                                       -33 -  

(b)   If a Borrower desires to convert a Loan, Bon'owing Representative shall  give Lender not less than three (3) Business Days  prior written notice to convert from a  Domestic Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan or one (1) Business Day s prior written notice to  convert from a LIBOR Rate Loan to a Domestic Rate Loan, specifying the date of such  conversion, the Loans to be converted and if the conversion is from a Domestic Rate Loan to a  LIBOR Rate Loan, the duration of the first Interest Period therefor. After giving effect to each  such conversion, there shall not be outstanding more than five (5) LIBOR Rate Loans in the   aggregate.         3.3   Closing Fee. The Borrowers shall pay to the Lender a closing fee in the amount   of $75,000 (the  ^ Closing Fee ') which shall be paid on the Closing Date.         3.4   Unused Line. If, for any calendar month (or portion thereof) during the Tenn, the   average daily unpaid balance of Revolving Advances and Letters of Credit outstanding for each   day of such monthly period does not equal Maximum Revolving Advance Amount as in effect   on the first day of such monthly period, then Borrowers shall pay to Lender a fully earned,   nonrefundable fee equal to one half pereent (0.500%), determined on a per annum basis, on the   amount by which the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount exceeds sueh average daily unpaid   balance of outstanding Revolving Advanees and Letters of Credit for such monthly period. Such   fee shall be due and payable monthly in arrears, commencing on the first day of the first calendar   month following the Closing Date, and continuing thereafter on the first day of each succeeding   calendar month through the end of the Term. The initial fee shall be determined based on the   period from the Closing Date to the end of the calendar month containing the Closing Date.         3.5   Letter of Credit Fee. The Borrowers shall pay to Lender a Letter of Credit Fee   (the   Letter of Credit Fee' ) for each trade Letter of Credit and each standby Letter of Credit   equal to 3.00% times the average daily amount available to be drawn under such trade Letter of   Credit or standby Letter of Credit. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (a) due and payable in arrears   on the first Business Day of each April, July, October and January, commencing with the first   such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the expiry date of such Letter of   Credit and thereafter on demand and (b) computed based on a 360 day year. The Borrowers   shall further pay to the Issuer for its own account such other customary commissions, fronting   fees, transfer fees, issuance, processing and honoring and amending a Letter of Credit and other   fees and eharges in conneetion with the issuance or administration of the Letters of Credit as the   Loan Parties and the Issuer shall agree. The Borrower shall be required to pay Letter of Credit   Fees only if it requests the issuance of a Letter of Credit.         3.6   Collateral Evaluation Fee. Monthly, eommeneing on the first day of the first   calendar month following the Closing Date, and continuing on the same day of each succeeding   calendar month until this Agreement is tenninated. Borrowers shall pay to Lender a collateral   evaluation fee equal in amount to One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month which shall be   fully earned and non-refundable upon payment.         3.7   Collateral Audit Fees. Borrowers shall pay to Lender, within five (5) days of   Borrowers  receipt of an invoice therefor, audit fees in connection with each field collateral audit   conducted by Lender equal in amount to Lender s customary per diem charges for such field   audit (which as of the Closing Date, equal to Nine Hundred Fifty Dollars ($950.00) per diem per                                        -34-  

internal auditor, subject to change from time to time thereafter) or the per diem rate charged by  outside auditors, plus, in each case, out-of-pocket expenses.         3.8   Computation of Interest and Fees; Collection Days. Interest and per annum fees  hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and for the actual number of days  elapsed. If any payment to be made hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a  Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and  interest thereon shall be payable at the applicable Contract Rate during such extension. For  purposes of computing interest and any fees based on the amount of Revolving Advances  outstanding from time to time, one (1) additional collection day shall be charged, effective from  the Application Date.         3.9   Maximum Charges. In no event whatsoever shall interest and other charges  charged hereunder exceed the highest rate permissible under law. In the event interest and other  charges as computed hereunder would otherwise exceed the highest rate pennitted under law,  such excess amount shall be first applied to any unpaid principal balance owed by Borrowers,  and if the then remaining excess amount is greater than the previously unpaid principal balance,  Lender shall promptly refund such excess amount to Borrowers and the provisions hereof shall  be deemed amended to provide for such permissible rate.         3.10 Indemnification. Each Loan Party shall indemnify Lender and hold Lender  harmless from and against any and all losses or expenses that Lender may sustain or incur as a  consequence of any prepayment, conversion of or any default by any Loan Party in the payment  of the principal of or interest on any LIBOR Rate Loan or failure by any Borrower to complete a  borrowing of, a prepayment of or conversion of or to a LIBOR Rate Loan after notice thereof has  been given, including, without limitation, any interest payable by Lender to any lender of funds  obtained by it in order to make or maintain its LIBOR Rate Loans hereunder. A certificate as to  any additional amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence submitted by Lender to  Borrowing Representative shall be conclusive absent rnanifest error. Anything to the contrary  contained herein notwithstanding, neither Lender nor any Participant is required actually to  acquire LIBOR deposits to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest  accrues at the LIBOR Rate.        3.11  Increased Costs. In the event that any applicable law, treaty or governmental  regulation, or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, or compliance by  any Lender (for purposes of this Section, the term  Lender  shall include Lender, any Lender  Party and any corporation or bank controlling Lender) and the office or branch where Lender  makes or maintains any LIBOR Rate Loans with any request or directive (whether or not having  the force of law) from any central bank or other financial, monetary or other authority, shall:              (a)    subject Lender to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this  Agreement or any other Credit Document or change the basis of taxation of payments to Lender  of principal, fees, interest or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Credit  Documents (except for changes in the rate of tax on the overall net income of Lender by the  jurisdiction in which it maintains its principal office); or                                        -35 -  

(b)   impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, assessment   or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits in or for the account of, advances or   loans by, or other credit extended by, any offiee of Lender, including (without limitation)  pursuant to Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; or impose   on Lender or the London interbank LIBOR market any other condition with respect to this   Agreement or any other Credit Document; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase   the cost to Lender of making, renewing or maintaining its Advances hereunder by an amount that   Lender deems to be material or to reduce the amount of any payment (whether of principal,   interest or otherwise) in respect of any of the Advances by an amount that Lender deems to be  material, then, eaeh and any such case;   then Borrowers shall promptly pay Lender, upon its demand, such additional amount as will   compensate Lender for such additional cost or such reduction, as the case may be, provided that   the foregoing shall not apply to increased costs which are reflected in the LIBOR Rate. Lender   shall certify the amount of such additional cost or reduced amount to Borrowers, and such   certification shall be conelusive absent manifest error. For purposes hereof, of Section 3.13 and   of Section 3.14, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Refonn and Consumer Protection Act and all   requests, rules, regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith   and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or direetives promulgated by the Bank for International   Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority)   or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in eaeh case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in   either case, be deemed a  change in law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.         3.12  Additional Costs. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any applieable   law, treaty, regulation or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation or application   thereof, shall make it unlawful for Lender (for purposes of this Section, the term ' Lender  shall   inelude Lender and the offiee or branch where Lender or any corporation or the Bank makes or   maintains any LIBOR Rate Loans) to make or maintain its LIBOR Rate Loans, the obligation of   Lender to make LIBOR Rate Loans hereunder shall forthwith be cancelled, and Borrowers shall,   if any affected LIBOR Rate Loans are then outstanding, promptly upon request from Lender,   either pay all such affected LIBOR Rate Loans or convert such affected LIBOR Rate Loans into   Domestic Rate Loans. If any such payment or conversion of any LIBOR Rate Loan is made on   a day that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loan,   Borrowers shall pay Lender, upon Lender s request, such amount or amounts as may be   neeessary to compensate Lender for any loss or expense sustained or incurred by Lender in   respect of such LIBOR Rate Loan as a result of such payment or eonversion, including (but not   limited to) any interest or other amounts payable by Lender to a lender of funds obtained by   Lender in order to make or maintain such LIBOR Rate Loan. A certificate as to any additional   amounts payable pursuant to the foregoing sentence submitted by Lender to Borrowing   Representative shall be conclusive absent manifest error.         3.13  Capital Adequacy. In the event that Lender shall have detennined that any   applicable law, rule, regulation or guideline regarding eapital adequaey or liquidity, or any   change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any   Governmental Body, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or   administration thereof, or compliance by Lender (for purposes of this Section, the term  Lender    shall include Lender, any Lender Party and any corporation or bank controlling Lender) and the                                        -36-  

office or branch where Lender (as so defined) makes or maintains any LIBOR Rate Loans with  any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of  any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing  the rate of return on Lender s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level  below that which Lender could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance   (taking into consideration Lender s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount   deemed by Lender to be material, then, from time to time. Borrowers shall pay upon demand to   Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Lender for such reduction. In   detennining such amount or amounts. Lender may use any reasonable averaging or attribution  methods. The protection of this Section shall be available to Lender regardless of any possible   contention of invalidity or inapplicability with respect to the applicable law, regulation or   condition. A certificate of Lender setting forth such amount or amounts as shall be necessary to   compensate Lender with respect to this Section when delivered to Borrowing Representative   shall be conclusive absent manifest error.         3.14 Inadequate Basis For Determining LIBOR Rate. In the event that Lender shall   have determined that either; (a) reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBOR Rate   or for any Interest Period; or (b) Dollar deposits in the relevant amount and for the relevant   maturity are not available in the London interbank LIBOR market, with respect to an outstanding   LIBOR Rate Loan, a proposed LIBOR Rate Loan, or a proposed conversion of a Domestic Rate   Loan into a LIBOR Rate Loan; or (c) the indices on which interest rates for LIBOR Rate Loans   are based no longer represent the effective cost to Lender for Dollar deposits in the relevant   market; then Lender shall give Borrowing Representative prompt written, telephonic or   telegraphic notice of such determination. If such notice is given, (i) any such requested LIBOR   Rate Loan shall be made as a Domestic Rate Loan, unless Borrowing Representative shall notify   Lender no later than 10:00 a.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such proposed   borrowing, that its request for such borrowing shall be cancelled or made as an unaffected type   of LIBOR Rate Loan, (ii) any Domestic Rate Loan, or any LIBOR Rate Loan which was to have   been converted to an affected type of LIBOR Rate Loan shall be continued as or converted into a   Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Representative shall notify Lender, no later than   10:00 a.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed conversion, shall be maintained as an   unaffected type of LIBOR Rate Loan, and (iii) any outstanding affected LIBOR Rate Loans shall   be converted into a Domestic Rate Loan, or, if Borrowing Representative shall notify Lender, no   later than 10:00 a.m. two (2) Business Days prior (a) to the last Business Day of the then current   Interest Period applicable to such affected LIBOR Rate Loan, or (b) the date of the conversion   of, shall be converted into an unaffected type of LIBOR Rate Loan, on the last Business Day of   the then current Interest Period for such affected LIBOR Rate Loans. Until such notice has been   withdrawn. Lender shall have no obligation to make an affected type of LIBOR Rate Loan,   maintain outstanding affected LIBOR Rate Loans, and no Borrower shall have the right to   convert a Domestic Rate Loan or an unaffected type of LIBOR Rate Loan into an affected type   of LIBOR Rate Loan.         3.15  Yield Maintenance. In the event that Lender shall detennine, in good faith, at   any time or from time to time hereafter, that the Base Rate component of any Contract Rate   charged on any Domestic Rate Loan outstanding does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to   Lender of maintaining such Domestic Rate Loan by an amount that Lender detennines to be   material, then Lender shall have the right to assess and collect an interest surcharge that Lender,                                        -37-  

in good faith, determines to be sufficient in an amount to compensate Lender for its loss of yield,  by giving notice to Borrowing Representative to such effect. Lender may use reasonable  attribution and averaging methods in detennining the amount of such surcharge. Such surcharge  shall be billed and collected monthly by Lender as additional interest on each such Domestic  Rate Loan, as provided in Section 3.1.        3.16  Late Charges. In the event that Borrowers shall fail to deliver to Lender any  Borrower Reports as and when required to be delivered to Lender pursuant hereto or to any other  Credit Document in the form and content so required pursuant hereto or to any other Credit  Document to be delivered, then, in addition to (and not in limitation of) all other rights and  remedies accorded to Lender as a result of such Default, Lender may impose, if a Loan Party  Report is not delivered within ten (10) days of the due date thereof, a late charge in the amount  of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150) per day per delayed Loan Party Report until its delivery.        3.17  Facility Fee. Quarterly, commencing on the last day of the first calendar quarter  following the Closing Date, and continuing on the same day of each succeeding calendar quarter  until this Agreement is terminated. Borrowers shall pay to Lender a fully earned, nonrefundable  facility fee equal to the difference (if positive) between (a) $37,500 and (b) the sum of the  following during such quarter: (i) interest accrued during such period at the non-Default Rate  equal to the margin component of the applicable Contract Rate and (ii) Unused Line Fees under  Section 3.4, but exclusive of any such amounts paid to the Lenders with respect thereto, payable  solely to WBCC within five (5) business days of the last day of each such month. Any interest at  the Default Rate and any amendment, waiver, default or similar fee not expressly provided for in  this Agreement or the Other Documents shall be excluded for purposes of the foregoing  calculation.  4.   CASH MANA    CEMENT A GR FEMENTS.         4.1   Lock-Box Accounts. Each Borrower shall, upon the request of the Lender,  promptly establish one or more post office boxes { ' Lock-Boxes ') and deposit accounts  associated therewith (the   Lock-Box Accounts  or a   Lock-Box Account ) pursuant to one or  more lock-box agreements, each to be in form and substance satisfactory to Lender (the   Lock-  Box Agreements  or a   Lock-Box Agreement ) with the Bank or, subject to Lender s prior  approval, another financial institution as is acceptable to Lender (a   Lock-Box Bank ) which  shall be used for the sole and exclusive purpose of concentrating the collection of all remittances  on Receivables and proceeds of other Collateral. All amounts on deposit in the Lock-Box  Account, once established, shall be transferred on a daily basis to the Concentration Account by  wire transfer of immediately available funds in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Unless  otherwise agreed to by Lender, each Lock-Box Bank shall acknowledge and agree, pursuant to  its respective Lock-Box Agreement, that all payments and deposits made to its Lock-Box  Account are Collateral for the Obligations under this Agreement; that such Lock-Box Bank has  no right to set off against its Lock-Box Account, except as expressly provided in its respective  Lock-Box Agreement; and that such Lock-Box Bank will wire transfer immediately available  funds, in a manner satisfactory to Lender, funds deposited into its Lock-Box Account to the  Concentration Account on a daily basis as soon as such funds are collected. Each Borrower  agrees that all payments, whether by cash, check, wire transfer or any other instrument on  deposit in each Lock-Box Account, Blocked Account and the Concentration Account shall be                                       -38-  

treated as Collateral for the Obligations under this Agreement, and that Borrowers shall not have  any right to withdraw any funds from any Lock-Box Account, any Blocked Account or the  Concentration Account. Each Borrower shall notify all Customers of such Borrower to remit  directly all payments of Receivables and other payments constituting proceeds of Collateral to an  applicable Lock-Box in the form received for deposit in the associated Lock-Box Account; and  Borrowers shall not, without obtaining the prior consent of Lender, establish any Deposit  Accounts, other than the Lock-Box Accounts, any Blocked Accounts and the Concentration  Account, pursuant to which payments on account of Receivables are made to or on behalf of any  of Borrowers. In addition. Borrowers shall not modify in any respect, without the prior consent   of Lender, any Lock-Box Agreement or other arrangement relating to the Lock-Box Account or  the Concentration Account. Unless otherwise expressly provided in a Lock-Box Agreement,   Lender shall have no responsibility for the maintenance of any Lock-Box Account, including the  payment of any fees thereunder.         4.2 Blocked Accounts.               (a)   On or before the Closing Date, Borrowers shall establish and thereafter   maintain one or more Deposit Accounts of Borrowers with the Bank as blocked accounts   {  Blocked Accounts'  or a   Blocked Account ) pursuant to an agreement (collectively,   Blocked  Account Agreements  or a   Blocked Account Agreement ) with the Bank (collectively,     Blocked Account Banks  or a   Blocked Account Bank ) into which Borrowers shall remit and   deposit payments on Receivables and other proceeds of Collateral. All amounts on deposit in the   Blocked Account shall be held in the Blocked Account and applied in accordance with this   Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed to by Lender, each Blocked Account Bank shall   acknowledge and agree pursuant to its respective Blocked Account Agreement that all payments   and deposits made to its Blocked Account are Collateral for the Obligations under this   Agreement; that such Blocked Account Bank has no right to set off against its Blocked Account   except as expressly provided in its Blocked Account Agreement. Each Borrower agrees that all   payments, whether by cash, check, wire transfer or other instruments of deposit in the Blocked   Account shall be treated as Collateral for the Obligations under this Agreement, and that   Borrowers shall not have any right to withdraw any funds from such Account. Borrowers shall   not modify in any respect, without the prior written consent of Lender, the Blocked Account   Agreement or any other arrangement relating to any Blocked Account. Unless otherwise   expressly permitted in a Blocked Account Agreement, Lender shall have no responsibility for the   maintenance of any Blocked Account Agreement, including the payment of any fees thereunder.               (b)   the Borrowers agree, as soon as practicable and in any event within thirty   (30) days of the Closing Date, to cause all payments of Receivables and other Collateral to be   deposited in, and remitted exclusively to, the Blocked Accounts at the Bank and to use any other   accounts maintained by the Borrowers solely to make disbursements of the proceeds of   Advances made by the Lender.         4.3   Pledged Accounts. In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 4,1 and   Section 4.2, each Borrower shall cause all Deposit Accounts existing on the Closing Date or   subsequently (with Lender s approval) coming into existence, other than the accounts described   in Schedule 5.25 hereof and any constituting a Lock-Box Account or a Blocked Account   (herein, a   Pledged Account ), to be made the subject of a tri-party agreement among such                                        -39-  

Borrower, the bank having such Pledged Account and Lender, to be in form and substance  reasonably satisfactory to Lender (a  'Pledged Account Agreement), pursuant to which the  pledge of such Pledged Account and all funds on deposit therein to Lender as security for the  payment and perfonnance of all Obligations shall be established and confinned.         4.4   Receipt of Payments by Loan Parties. Notwithstanding tenns of Section 4.1 and   Section 4.2. but in addition thereto, if and to the extent that (a) Customers remit any payments on   account of the Receivables of Borrowers directly to any of them or (b) any Customer pays cash  to Borrower for any Inventory or other Collateral, then such payments shall be held by  Borrowers in trust for Lender, on behalf of itself, the Bank and the Issuers, and shall, promptly  upon receipt thereof, be sent via overnight delivery service for deposit in the same fonn received  into the appropriate Lock-Box Account or Blocked Account.         4.5  Application of Deposits. As long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred   and is continuing, all amounts deposited in the Concentration Account from time to time shall be   applied as payments of Revolving Advances, and, if no Revolving Advances are outstanding, to  reduee other Obligations in such other order as the Lender shall determine, upon (a) final   collection thereof and (b) their transfer from the Bank to Lender in accordance with this Section,   effective on the Business Day that each such payment is received (such date being called herein   the  Application Date '), provided however, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is   continuing, if no Revolving Advances and no Letter of Credit Obligations are outstanding and  past due, the amounts on deposit in the Concentration Account shall not be applied to reduce the   other Obligations. For purposes of the preceding sentence, Lender shall be deemed to have  received a payment from the Bank on a particular Business Day only if it reeeives by wire   transfer the same prior to 1:00 p.m. on such Business Day or, if received after such time, on the   next following Business Day. Lender is not, however, required to credit Borrowers  Account for   the amount of any item of payment which is unsatisfactory to Lender and Lender may eharge   Borrowers  Aceount for the amount of any item of payment which is returned to Lender unpaid.   Lender shall apply all amounts deposited in the Concentration Account as provided in   Section 16.5 or, as applicable. Section 12.2. Each prepayment of a Revolving Advance pursuant   to this Seetion shall be applied, first, to the payment of Domestic Rate Loans and second, to the   payment of LIBOR Rate Loans. If sufficient funds are not available to fiind all payments then to   be made in respect of any Obligations, the available funds being applied with respect to such   Obligations shall be allocated to the payment of sueh Obligations ratably, in such order and   manner as Lender shall elect, and Borrowers shall eontinue to be liable for any deficiency. After   the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Lender may apply any funds held in a Lock-Box   Account, Blocked Account or the Concentration Account to any of the Obligations in such order   and in such amounts as the Lender deems appropriate in its sole discretion. In the event that, at   any time, the amount of funds held in any Lock-Box account, any Blocked Account or the   Concentration Account exceeds the amount of the Obligations plus any unpaid checks or other   items drawn on any aecount maintained by any Borrower at such time, upon the request of the   Borrowing Representative the Lender shall consent to release of such excess funds, provided that   (A) such request is accompanied by a certificate of an Authorized Offieer of a Borrower, in form   and substance acceptable to the Lender which (i) sets forth the proposed use of such excess   funds, and such use would not be prohibited by this Agreement, (ii) certifies that the Borrowers   are not, and would not be, in breach of any covenant in Sections 7.13, 7.14, 7.15 or 7.16,   calculated on a pro forma basis at the time of, and immediately after such release and attaching                                        -40-  

thereto calculations which set forth compliance with the requirements or restrictions imposed by  such covenants, and (iii) certifies that such excess funds do not consist of proceeds of any  Borrower s Inventory or Receivables, and (B) in no event shall the Lender release any such  excess funds if (i) a Default or Event of Default has occuired or would occur from such release,  (ii) the Borrowers are, or would be, in breach of any covenant in Sections 7.13, 7.14, 7.15 or  7.16, calculated on a pro forma basis at the time of, and immediately after such release, or (iii)  such excess funds consist of proceeds of any Borrower s Inventory or Receivables.        4.6   Liens. If at any time Lender determines that any funds held in a Lock-Box  Account, Blocked Account or the Concentration Account are subject to the Lien of any Person,  other than Lender as herein provided, or any Permitted Encumbrances, (a) Borrowers agree,  upon demand by Lender, to pay to Lender as additional funds to be deposited and held in the  Concentration Account an amount equal to the amount of funds subject to such Lien, or (b) if no  such payment is made. Lender shall establish sufficient reserves in the amount of such funds.        4.7   Rights After an Event of Default. At any time following the occurrence, and  during the continuation, of an Event of Default, Lender shall have the right to send notice of the  assignment of, and Lender s security interest in, the Receivables to any and all Customers or any  third party holding or otherwise concerned with any of the Collateral. Thereafter, Lender shall  have the sole right to collect the Receivables, take possession of the Collateral, or both. Lender s  actual collection expenses, including, without limitation, stationery and postage, telephone and  telecopy, secretarial and clerical expenses and the salaries of any collection personnel used for  collection, may be charged to Borrowers  Account as Revolving Advances.  5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.        Each Borrower represents and warrants to Lender as follows:        5 1   Authority. Each Loan Party has full power, authority and legal right to enter into  this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to perform all its respective obligations  hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and of  the other Credit Documents (a) are within such Loan Party s corporate (or other organizational)  powers, have been duly authorized, are not in contravention of law or the terms of such Loan  Party s Organic Documents or to the conduct of such Loan Party s business or of any Material  Agreement or undertaking to which such Loan Party is a party or by which such Loan Party is  bound, and (b) will not conflict with nor result in any breach in any of the provisions of or  eonstitute a default under or result in the creation of any Lien (except Permitted Encumbrances  under clause (a) of the definition thereof) upon any asset of such Loan Party under the provisions  of any Organic Document or other instrument to which such Loan Party or its property is a party  or by which it may be bound.        5.2   Formation and Qualification.              (a)   Each Loan Party is duly organized and in good standing under the laws of  the state jurisdictions listed on Schedule 5.2 which constitute all states in which qualification and  good standing are necessary for such Loan Party to conduct its business and own its property and  where the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect                                        -41 -  

on such Loan Party. Each Loan Party has delivered to Lender true and complete copies of its  Organic Documents and will promptly notify Lender of any amendment or changes thereto.              (b)   Each Loan Party s identification number (if any) assigned to it hy the  appropriate Governmental Body of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or other organization, if  any, is set forth on Schedule 5.2.              (c)   The Subsidiaries (if any) of each Loan Party as of the Effective Date are as set forth in Schedule 5.2.              (d)   The Equity Interests of each Loan Party, which are authorized, issued and  outstanding on the Effective Date, are set forth and described in Schedule 5.2.              (e)   This Agreement is, and each other Credit Document executed by a Loan  Party constitutes (or will constitute upon the execution thereof), the legal, valid and binding  obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such  enforcement is subject to the effect of (i) any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or  similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally, and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless  of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).        5.3   Tax Returns. Each Loan Party s federal tax identification number is set forth on  Schedule 5.3. Each Loan Party has filed all federal, state and local tax returns and other reports  each is required by law to file and has paid all taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental  charges that are due and payable, excepting therefrom, any such charges which are being  contested by Borrowers in good faith in appropriate proceedings after the posting of adequate  reserves on Borrowers  books to cover the costs thereof To Borrowers  knowledge, all federal,  state and local income tax returns of each Borrower have been examined and reported upon by  the appropriate taxing authority or closed by applicable statute and satisfied for all Fiscal Years  prior to the current Fiscal 'V^ear. The provision for taxes on the books of each Borrower are  adequate for all years not closed by applicable statutes, and for its current Fiscal Year, and no  Borrower has any knowledge of any deficiency or additional assessment in connection therewith  not accounted for on its books.        5.4   Financial Statements. Each of the historical:              (a)   audited financial statements of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and  Consolidating basis for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2017, and              (b)   management prepared financial statements of the Loan Parties on a  Consolidated and Consolidating basis for the Fiscal Quarter ended March 31, 2018  (collectively, the {''Historical Financial Statements'') was prepared in accordance with GAAP  (except for the absence of footnotes and customary year-end adjustments in respect of interim  financial statements), consistently applied and present fairly in all material respects the financial  position of the subjects thereof on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis and, as appropriate.  Consolidating basis at such dates and the results of their operations for such periods. Since the  last day of Fiscal Quarter ended December 31, 2017, there has been no change in the condition,  financial or otherwise, of the Loan Parties, as shown on the Historical Financial Statements as of                                       -42-  

such date and no change in the aggregate value of machinery, equipment and Real Property  owned by them, except changes in the Ordinary Course of Business.         5.5   Name. No Loan Party has been known by any other organization name in the five   (5) years preceding the Effective Date and does not sell Inventory under any other name except   as set forth on Schedule 5,5; nor has any Loan Party been the surviving organization of a merger   or consolidation or acquired all or substantially all of the assets of any Person during the five (5)  years preceding the Effective Date.         5.6   OSHA and Environmental Compliance.    Except as may be set forth on  Schedule 5.6. to Borrowers  knowledge:               (a)   Each Loan Party has duly complied with, and its facilities, business,   assets, property, leaseholds and Equipment are in eompliance in all material respects with, the   provisions of the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act,   RCRA and all other Environmental Laws; and there have been no outstanding citations, notices   or orders of non-compliance issued to any Loan Party or relating to its business, assets, property,   leaseholds or Equipment under any such laws, rules or regulations.               (b)   Each Loan Party has been issued all required federal, state and local   licenses, certificates or permits relating to all applicable Environmental Laws to the extent   necessary for or material to the conduct of its business.               (c)   (i) There are no visible signs, in any material amounts of releases, spills,   discharges, leaks or disposal (colleetively referred to as ''Releases'  ) of Hazardous Substances at,   upon, under or within any Real Property or any premises leased by any Loan Party which do not   comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws in respect thereof;   (ii) there are no underground storage tanks or polychlorinated biphenyls on the Real Property or   any premises leased by any Loan Party; (iii) neither the Real Property nor any premises leased by   any Loan Party has ever been used as a treatment, storage or disposal facility of Hazardous   Waste; and (iv) no Hazardous Substances are present, in any material amounts on the Real   Property or any premises leased by Loan Party, exeepting such quantities as are handled in   accordance with all applicable manufacturer s instructions and governmental regulations and in   proper storage containers and as are necessary for the operation of the commercial business of   any Loan Party or of its tenants.         5.7   Solvency.               (a)   The Projections delivered on the Closing Date (the  Initial Projections  )   are based on underlying assumptions which provide a reasonable basis for the Initial Projections   and which reflect Loan Parties  judgment, based on present circumstances, of a reasonably likely   set of conditions and Loan Parties  reasonably likely course of action for the period projected.               (b)   The Initial Projections demonstrate that Loan Parties on a Consolidated   and Consolidating basis will have sufficient cash flow to enable them to pay their debts as they   mature.                                         -43 -  

(c)   Immediately following the execution of this Agreement and the  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the making of the Initial  Advance(s) and all future Advances, (i) the assets of Loan Parties on a Consolidated and  Consolidating basis, at a fair valuation and at their present fair saleable value, are and will be in  excess of the total amount of their liabilities (including contingent and unmatured liabilities), (ii)  Loan Parties are and will be able to pay their Indebtedness as it becomes due and (iii) Loan  Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis do not and will not have unreasonably small  capital to carry on their business.               (d)   All material undisputed Indebtedness owing to third parties by Loan  Parties is current and not past due beyond nonnal trade terms (including any extended payment  terms granted to Loan Parties).               (e)   This Agreement is, and all other Credit Doc;aments will be, executed and  delivered by Loan Parties and Guarantors, as applicable, to Lender in good faith and in exchange   for reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration.         5.8  Litigation. Except as may be disclosed in Schedule 5.8, no Loan Party has (a)   any Commercial Tort Claims existing in its favor or (b) to its knowledge, any pending or  threatened litigation, arbitration, actions or proceedings which, if determined adversely to it,  would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.         5.9   No Indebtedness. Except as may be disclosed on Schedule 5.9, no Loan Party  has any Funded Indebtedness on the Effective Date and on and after the Closing Date and the   funding of the Initial Advance the Loan Parties will not have any Indebtedness.         5.10 No Violations. Except as may be disclosed on Schedule 5.10, to its knowledge no   Loan Party is in violation of any applicable statute, regulation or ordinance in any respect which   could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on such Loan Party, nor is any   Loan Party in violation of any order of any court. Governmental Body or arbitration board or   tribunal as of the Effective Date.         5.11 Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses. All patents, patent applications,  trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service mark applications, copyrights,   copyright applications, design rights, trade names, assumed names, trade secrets and licenses   owned or utilized by any Loan Party as of the Effective Date are set forth on Schedule 5.1 L are   valid and have been duly registered or filed with all appropriate Governmental Bodies and   constitute all of the intellectual property rights which are necessary for the operation of its  business; to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there is no objection to or pending challenge to   the validity of any such material patent, trademark, copyright, design right, trade name, trade   secret or license and no Loan Party is aware of any grounds for any challenge, except as set forth   in Schedule 5.11. Each patent, patent application, patent license, trademark, trademark   application, trademark license, service mark, service mark application, service mark license,   copyright, copyright application and copyright license owned or held by any Loan Party and all   trade secrets used by any Loan Party consist of original material or property developed by such   Loan Party or which was lawfully acquired by such Loan Party from the proper and lawful   owner thereof Each of such items has been, or will be, maintained so as to preserve the value                                         -44-  

thereof from the date of creation or acquisition thereof With respect to all proprietary software   developed and used by any Loan Party, such Loan Party is in possession of all source and object   codes related to each piece of software or is the beneficiary of a source code escrow agreement.         5.12 Licenses and Permits. Each Loan Party, to its knowledge, (a) is in material   compliance with, and (b) has procured and is now in possession of, all material licenses or  penuits necessary to meet, all Requirements of Law in each jurisdiction wherein it is now   conducting or proposes to conduct its business and where the failure to be in such compliance, or   to procure such licenses or permits, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse   Effect.         5.13 No Default of Indebtedness. Except as may exist in respect of the Existing   Loans, no Loan Party is in default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any   Indebtedness in excess of the Materiality Threshold in principal amount or under any instrument   or agreement under or subject to which any Indebtedness has been issued and no event has   occurred under the provisions of any such instrument or agreement which with or without the   lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, constitutes or would constitute an event of default   thereunder.         5.14  No Other Defaults. No Loan Party is in default in the payment or performance of   any of its contractual obligations in respect of any Material Agreement after giving effect to any   applicable cure or grace period.         5.15  No Burdensome Restrictions. No Loan Party is party to any contract or   agreement the performance of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse   Effect on such Loan Party. No Loan Party has agreed or consented to cause or permit in the   future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) any of its property, whether now   owned or hereafter acquired, to be subject to a Lien which is not a Permitted Encumbrance.         5.16  No Labor Disputes. No Loan Party is involved in any labor dispute; to the   knowledge of the Loan Parties, there are no strikes or walkouts or union organization of any   Loan Party s employees threatened or in existence and no labor contract presently existing (if   any) is scheduled to expire during the Term.         5.17  Margin Regulations. No Loan Party is engaged, nor will it engage, principally or   as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of    purchasing  or  carrying  any  margin stock  within the respective meanings of each of the   quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as   now and from time to time hereafter in effect. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be   used for  purchasing  or  carrying   margin stock,  as those tenus are defined in Regulation U   of such Board of Governors.         5.18  Investment Company Act. No Loan Party is an  investment company  registered   or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor is it   controlled by such a company.         5.19  Disclosure. No representation or warranty made by any Loan Party in this   Agreement, or in any financial statement, report, certificate or any other Credit Document                                        -45 -  

furnished in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the Perfection Certificate,   contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to  make the statements herein or therein not misleading in any material respect. There is no fact  known to Loan Parties which Loan Parties have not disclosed to Lender in writing with respect  to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which would reasonably be expected to have   a Material Adverse Effect.         5.20 No Conflicting Agreements or Orders. No provision of any Material Agreement   or judgment, decree or order binding on any Loan Party or affecting the Collateral conflicts with,   or requires any consent which has not already been obtained to, or would in any way prevent the   execution, delivery or performance of, the terms of this Agreement or the other Credit   Documents.         5.21  Application of Certain Laws and Regulations. No Loan Party nor any Affiliate   of any Loan Party is subject to any statute, rule or regulation not of general application to all   Loan Parties which regulates the incurrence of any Indebtedness, including, without limitation,   statutes or regulations relative to common or interstate carriers or to the sale of electricity, gas,   steam, water, telephone, telegraph or other public utility services.         5.22  Business and Property of Loan Parties. Upon and after the Closing Date, Loan   Parties do not propose to engage in any business other than business conducted by Loan Parties   on the Closing Date and activities necessary to conduct the foregoing other than research and   development of certain technology relating to emissions controls, and that Loan Parties intend to   continue the development of such technology and commercial applications for such technology,   and may, subject to the terms of this Agreement, consider commercial relationships with third   parties with respect to the development and commercialization of such technology. On the   Closing Date, each Loan Party will own all the property and possess all of the rights and   Consents necessary for the continued conduct of the business of such Loan Party.         5.23  Hedge Contracts. On the Closing Date, no Loan Party will be party to any Hedge  Contract.         5.24  Real Property. On the Closing Date, no Loan Party will have any interest as   owner or tenant in any Real Property, except as disclosed on Schedule 5.24.         5.25  Deposit Accounts. On the Closing Date, no Loan Party will have any Deposit   Accounts, except with a Lender Party or as listed on Schedule 5.25.         5.26  OFAC. No Loan Party is a Sanctioned Person. No portion of any Advances or   any Letter of Credit shall be used to facilitate the operation of, to finance any investments in or   any activities of, or to make any payments to, any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country.         5.27  Brokers. No Loan Party has retained the services of any broker to assist such   Loan Party in obtaining the benefits of this Agreement unless (i) such broker has been paid (or is   paid on the Closing Date) the full amount due such broker in such regard, and (ii) such broker   executes in favor of Lender a broker s release and waiver letter in form and substance   satisfactory to Lender on or prior to the Closing Date.                                         -46-  

5.28 No Other Financing Statements. Except with respect to the financing statements  filed by Lender and financing statements giving notice of otherwise Pennitted Encumbrances, no  financing statement covering any of the Collateral or any proceeds thereof is on file in any public  office.        5.29 Inactive Subsidiary. Ultera Technologies Inc. (a) is a wholly owned Subsidiary  of Tecogen, and (b) is inaetive, does not have any assets and does not eonduct any business or  have any revenue.  6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS,        Until payment in full of the Obligations and tennination of the Commitment and this  Agreement, each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:        6.1   Payment of Fees. Pay to Lender on demand all usual and customary fees and  expenses which Lender incurs in connection with (a) the forwarding of Advance proceeds and  (b) the establishment and maintenanee of any Lock-Box Account, Blocked Account, Pledged  Aceount or Concentration Account. Lender may, without making demand, charge Borrowers   Aceount for all such fees and expenses.        6.2   Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets.              (a)   (i) Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.2(b) hereof, (1) conduct  continuously and operate actively its business according to good business praetices and maintain  all of its properties useful or necessary in its business in good working order and condition  (reasonable wear and tear excepted and except as may be disposed of in accordance with the  terms of this Agreement), ineluding, without limitation, all licenses, patents, copyrights, design  rights, trade names, trade secrets and trademarks and take all actions necessary to enforce and  protect the validity of any intellectual property right or other right included in the Collateral; and  (2) keep in full force and effect its existence and, to the extent within sueh Loan Party s control,  and using its reasonable best efforts, its Material Agreements; (hi) comply in all material  respects with all Requirements of Law; and (iv) make all such reports and pay all such franchise  and other taxes and license fees and do all such other acts and things as may be lawfully required  to maintain its rights, licenses, leases, powers and franchises under the laws of the United States  or any political subdivision thereof where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect.              (b)   Not later than sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, (i) cause Ultera  Teehnologies Inc. to be dissolved, and (ii) deliver to Lender evidence of such dissolution, in  form and substance satisfactory to the Lender.        6.3   Requirements of Law. Comply at all times, in all material respects, with all  Requirements of Law, unless its failure to do so would not be reasonably likely to have a  Material Adverse Effect and promptly notify Lender in writing of any violation by any Loan  Party of any Requirement of Law which violation could reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect.                                        -47-  

6.4   Government Receivables. If requested by Lender to do so in respect of any  Receivable arising out of contracts between any Loan Party and the United States, any state or  any department, agency or instrumentality of any of them in excess of the Materiality Threshold  or at any time after a Default exists, regardless of amount, take all steps necessary to protect  Lender s interest in the Collateral under the Federal Assigmuent of Claims Act or other  applicable state or local statutes or ordinances and deliver to Lender appropriately endorsed, any  instrument or chattel paper connected with any such Receivable.        6.5   Taxes, (a) File when due all federal income, payroll and unemployment and other  material tax returns which it is required to file; (b) pay, or provide for the payment, when due, of  all income and franchise taxes, payroll taxes, value added taxes, assessments and other  governmental charges against it or upon its property, income and franchises; (c) make all  required withholding and other tax deposits, and establish adequate reserves in accordance with  GAAP with respect to the Loan Parties, for the pa5mient of all such items; and (d) provide to  Lender, upon its request, satisfactory evidence of its timely compliance with the foregoing;  provided, however, so long as Borrowing Representative has notified Lender in writing, no Loan  Party need pay any such amount referred to in clause fb) above (i) which it is contesting in good  faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued, (ii) as to which such Loan Party has  established proper reserves as required under GAAP, and (iii) the nonpayment of which does not  result in the imposition of a Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances).        6.6   Payment of Indebtedness. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before  maturity (subject, where applicable, to specified grace periods and, in the case of the trade  payables, to nonnal payment practices) all its obligations and liabilities of whatever nature,  including any in respect of its Material Agreements, except when the failure to do so would not  reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or when the amount or validity thereof  is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and each Loan Party shall  have provided for such reserves as Lender may reasonably deem proper and necessary, subject at  all times to any applicable subordination arrangement in favor of Lender.        6.7   Standards of Financial Statements. Cause all financial statements referred to  herein for the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis to be complete and correct  in all material respects (subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normal year-end  adjustments) and to be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied  consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as concurred in by such reporting  accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein).        6.8   Environmental Matters.              (a)   Ensure that the Real Property remains in compliance with all  Environmental Laws and such Loan Party shall not place or permit to be placed any Hazardous  Substances on any Real Property except as not prohibited by applicable law or appropriate  Governmental Bodies.              (b)   Establish and maintain a system to assure and monitor eontinued material  compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws in all material respects, which system shall  inelude periodic reviews of such compliance.                                        -48 -  

(c)   (i) employ in connection with the use of the Real Property appropriate   technology necessary to maintain material compliance with any applicable Environmental Laws   and (ii) dispose of any and all Hazardous Waste generated at the Real Property only at facilities   and with carriers that maintain valid pennits under RCRA and any other applicable   Environmental Laws. Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain   certificates of disposal, such as hazardous waste manifest receipts, from all treatment, transport,   storage or disposal facilities or operators employed by Loan Parties in connection with the  transport or disposal of any Hazardous Waste generated at the Real Property.               (d)   In the event any Loan Party obtains, gives or receives notice of any  Release or threat of Release of a reportable quantity of any Hazardous Substanees at the Real  Property (any such event being hereinafter referred to as a ''Hazardous Discharge ') or receives   any notice of violation, request for information or notification that it is potentially responsible for  investigation or clean-up of environmental conditions at the Real Property, demand letter or   complaint, order, citation, or other written notiee with regard to any Hazardous Discharge or  violation of Environmental Laws affecting the Real Property or any Loan Party s interest therein   (any of the foregoing is referred to herein as an  Environmental Complaint ) from any Person,  including any state agency responsible in whole or in part for environmental matters in the state  in which the Real Property is located or the United States Environmental Proteetion Ageney (any  such person or entity hereinafter the  Authority ), cause Borrowing Representative to, within ten   (10) Business Days, give written notice of same to Lender detailing facts and circumstances of  whieh any Loan Party is aware giving rise to the Hazardous Discharge or Environmental   Complaint. Sueh information is not intended to ereate nor shall it create any obligation upon  Lender with respect thereto.               (e)   Promptly forward to Lender copies of any request for information,  notification of potential liability, demand letter relating to potential responsibility with respect to  the investigation or clean-up of Hazardous Substances at any other site owned, operated or used  by any Loan Party to dispose of Hazardous Substances and shall continue to forward copies of   eorrespondence between any Loan Party and the Authority regarding such claims to Lender until  the claim is settled. Loan Parties shall promptly forward to Lender copies of all documents and  reports coneeming a Hazardous Discharge at the Real Property that any Loan Party is required to  file under any Environmental Laws. Such information is to be provided solely to allow Lender  to protect Lender s security interest in the Real Property and the Collateral.               (f)   Respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental  Complaint and take all necessary action in order to safeguard the health of any Person and to  avoid subjecting the Collateral or Real Property to any Lien. If any Loan Party shall fail to  respond promptly to any Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint or any Loan Party  shall fail to comply with any of the requirements of any Environmental Laws, within thirty (30)  days after Borrowing Representative receives written notice from Lender that it do so. Lender  may, but without the obligation to do so, for the sole purpose of protecting Lender s interest in  Collateral: (A) give such notices or (B) enter onto the Real Property (or authorize third parties to  enter onto the Real Property) and take such actions as Lender (or such third parties as directed by  Lender) deem reasonably necessary or advisable, to clean up, remove, mitigate or otherwise deal  with any such Hazardous Discharge or Environmental Complaint. All reasonable costs and  expenses incurred by Lender and (or such third parties) in the exercise of any such rights.                                       -49-  

including any sums paid in connection with any judicial or administrative investigation or  proceedings, fines and penalties, together with interest thereon from the date expended at the  Default Rate for Domestic Rate Loans constituting Revolving Advances shall be paid upon  demand by Loan Parties, and until paid shall be added to and become a part of the Obligations  secured by the Liens created by the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between any  Lender Party and any Loan Party.              (g)    Promptly upon the written request of Lender from time to time following  the discovery of any Hazardous Discharge or the filing of any Environmental Complaint or upon  the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, provide Lender, at Loan Parties   expense, with an environmental site assessment or enviromuental audit report prepared by an  environmental engineering firm acceptable in the reasonable opinion of Lender, to assess with a  reasonable degree of certainty the existence of any Hazardous Discharge and the potential costs  in connection with abatement, clean-up and removal of any Hazardous Substances found on,  under, at or within the Real Property. Any report or investigation of any such Hazardous  Discharge proposed and acceptable to an appropriate Authority that is charged to oversee the  clean-up of such Hazardous Discharge shall be acceptable to Lender. If such estimates,  individually or in the aggregate, exceed the Materiality Threshold, Lender shall have the right to  require Borrowers to post a bond, letter of credit or other security reasonably satisfactory to  Lender to secure payment of these costs and expenses.               (h)   Defend and indemnify each Lender Party and hold each Lender Party, and  its respective employees, agents, directors and officers harmless from and against all loss,  liability, damage and expense, claims, costs, fines and penalties, including attorneys  fees,  suffered or incurred by such Lender Party under or on account of any Environmental Laws,  including, without limitation, the assertion of any Lien thereunder, with respect to any Hazardous  Discharge, the presence of any Hazardous Substances affecting the Real Property, whether or not  the same originates or emerges from the Real Property or any contiguous real estate, including  any loss of value of the Real Property as a result of the foregoing except to the extent such loss,  liability, damage and expense is attributable to any Hazardous Discharge resulting from actions  on the part of a Lender Party. Borrowers  obligations .under this Section shall arise upon the  discovery of the presence of any Hazardous Substances at the Real Property, whether or not any  federal, state, or local environmental agency has taken or threatened any action in connection  with the presence of any Hazardous Substances. Loan Parties  obligations and the  indemnifications hereunder shall survive the termination of this Agreement.         6.9 Books and Records; Inspection Rights.               (a)   Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct in   all material respects entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business   and activities.               (b)   Permit any representatives designated by the Lender (including employees  of the Lender or any consultants, accountant, lawyers and agents retained by the Lender), upon  reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its  books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and  independent accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often                                         -50-  

as reasonably requested; provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occun-ed and be   continuing, (i) the Lender shall give the Borrowers an opportunity to participate in any   discussions with their independent auditors and (ii) the Borrowers shall not be obligated to pay   fees, costs and expenses for more than one such visit or inspection in any twelve consecutive   month period.         6.10  Field Examinations.         Pennit, at such reasonable times during normal business hours and upon at least ten (10)   days  (so long as no Event of Default has occurred) advance notice to the Loan Parties,   representatives of the Lender (at the expense of the Borrowers) to conduct a field examination   and audit of the Collateral and the Borrowers  operations (each a ' Field Examination''), which   shall include verifying under reasonable procedures the validity, amount, quality, quantity, value,   condition and status of, or any other matter relating to, the Collateral owned or held by the   Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries, including, in the case of Accounts, or other Collateral in   the possession of any third Person, by contacting Account Debtors, obligors or such third Person   possessing such Collateral for the purpose of making such a verification; provided that, so long   as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (a) any such contact by the Lenders or   their respective representatives with Account Debtors, obligors or such third Persons shall be   made in the name of the Borrowers or other Loan Parties as applicable and (b) during any twelve   consecutive month period only two Field Examinations shall be conducted at the Loan Parties    expense unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in which case additional Field   Examinations may be made at the Borrowers  expense.         6.11 Perfection of Security Interests.         Promptly upon entering into an agreement for the sale of Inventory pursuant to which any   Borrower is granted a security interest in such Inventory, and in any event not later than the latest   date permissible to perfect such security interest under applicable law, perfect such security   interest by filing a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement with the appropriate filing   office.   7.   NEGA TIVE CO VENANTS.         Until satisfaction in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement no  Borrower shall and no Borrower shall permit any other Loan Parties to:         7.1  Merger, Consolidation and Acquisitions. Enter into any merger, consolidation or  other reorganization with or into any other Person or acquire all or a substantial portion of the   assets or Equity Interests of any Person or permit any other Person to consolidate with or merge  with it, except that, to the extent multiple Borrowers exist at any time, so long as Borrowing  Representative gives Lender at least thirty (30) days  advance written notice to such effect,  (a) any Borrower may merge into, or consolidate with, any other Borrower, so long as a  Borrower is the survivor of such merger or consolidation, and (b) any Borrower may acquire all  or any substantial portion of the assets of any other Borrower.         7.2  Sales of Assets. Sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties  or assets, including any Collateral, except for (a) the sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of                                       -51 -  

its business, and (b) the sale of the Excluded Equipment, so long as (i) no Default or Event of  Default has occurred or would result therefrom and (ii) the Lender has received a certificate of an  Authorized Officer of a Borrower, in fonn and substance acceptable to the Lender, which  certifies that the Borrowers are not, and would not be, in breach of any covenant in Sections  7.13, 7.14, 7.15 or 7.16, calculated on a pro forma basis at the time of, and immediately after  such sale, lease, transfer or other disposition and attaching thereto calculations which set forth  compliance with the requirements or restrictions imposed by such covenants.        7.3   Creation of Liens. Create or suffer to exist any Lien or transfer upon or against  any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired, except (a) Permitted  Encumbrances and (b) Liens on Excluded Equipment.        7.4   Guarantees. Become liable upon the obligations of any Person (including  without limitations, any Unrestricted Affiliate or Unrestricted Subsidiary) by assumption,  endorsement or guaranty thereof or otherwise (other than to Lender or any Lender Party) in  connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein; except:              (a)   guarantees made in the Ordinary Course of Business up to an aggregate  amount not exceeding the Materiality Threshold;              (b)   the endorsement of checks for collection in the Ordinary Course of Business;              (c)   guarantees made by one Loan Party of the Obligations of another Loan Party or Loan Parties; and.              (d)   guarantees made by a Loan Party of Permitted Purchase Money Debt or Permitted Capitalized Lease Obligations.        7.5   Investments, (a) Purchase or acquire obligations or Equity Interests of, or any  other interest in, any Person (including without limitations, any Unrestricted Affiliate or  Unrestricted Subsidiary), including, without limitation, (i) the acquisition of all, or substantially  all, or any material portion of, the assets or Equity Interests of a Person or the assets of any  division or line of business of a Person; or (ii) any partnership or joint venture in each case,  without the prior written consent of Lender which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,  provided however, in no event shall the Lender be required to consider any such request if a  Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom or the Borrowers are, or  would be, in breach in any covenant in Section 7.13, 7.14, 7.15 or 7.16.        7.6   Loans. Make advances, loans or extensions of credit to any Person, including  particularly, but without limitation, to any Unrestricted Affiliate or Unrestricted Subsidiary,  except with respect to (a) the extension of commercial trade credit to unaffiliated Persons in  connection with the sale of Inventory or the provision of services in the Ordinary Course of  Business, (b) if multiple Borrowers exist, loans and advances made to one Borrower by another  Borrower, but all such loans and advances shall, if requested by Lender, be evidenced by one or  more promissory notes (which may be  master  notes evidencing multiple or  revolving  loans),  issued to the order of the lending Borrower, which promissory notes shall be pledged to Lender                                        -52-  

as additional Collateral, and (c) loans and advances to its employees in the Ordinary Course of  Business not to exceed in aggregate amount (as to all employees) the Materiality Threshold.         7.7  Dividends. Declare, pay or make any dividend or distribution on any Equity  Interests of any Borrower (other than dividends or distributions payable in its Equity Interests, or  split-ups or reclassifications of its Equity Interests) or apply any of its funds, property or assets to  the purchase, redemption or other retirement of any Equity Interests, or of any options to  purchase or acquire any Equity Interests of any Loan Party if immediately before or after giving  effect to such dividends or distributions a Default or Event of Default exists or would result  therefrom or if the Borrowers are, or would be, in breach of any covenant in Section 7.13, 7.14,  7.15 or 7.16.         7.8   Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness   (exclusive of commercial trade debt incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business) except in  respect of the (a) Indebtedness to Lender, including, without limitation, the Advances, the Letter   of Credit Obligations and (b) Permitted Purchase Money Debt and the Pennitted Capitalized   Lease Obligations not to exceed, at any one time, in the aggregate, $500,000.         7.9   Nature of Business. Substantially change the nature of the business in which it is   engaged, on the Closing Date, or, except as otherwise specifically permitted hereby, purchase or   invest, directly or indirectly, in any assets or property other than in the Ordinary Course of   Business for assets or property which are useful in, necessary for and are to be used in its  business as presently conducted.         7.10  Transactions with Affiliates. Directly or indirectly, purchase, acquire or lease   any property from, or sell, transfer or lease any property to, or otherwise deal with, any Affiliate,   except (a) transactions which do not exceed the Materiality Threshold, individually or   collectively, (b) other transactions, in excess of the Materiality Threshold, individually or   collectively, which occur in the Ordinary Course of Business, on an arm s length basis on tenns   no less favorable than terms which would have been obtainable from a Person other than an   Affiliate, and which have been fully disclosed to Lender, and (c) transaetions described in, and   governed by. Section 7.6, Section 7.7 or Section 7.8, as applicable (as to which neither of clauses   (a) or (b) of this Section 7.10 shall be applicable).         7.11  Subsidiaries. Either: (a) create or acquire any Subsidiary; (b) enter into any   partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement; or (c) dispose of any Equity Interests of any   Subsidiary without Lender s prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld,   delayed or conditioned, provided however, in no event shall the Lender be required to consider   any such request if a Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom or if the   Borrowers are, or would be, in breach of any covenant in Section 7.13, 7.14, 7.15 or 7.16.   Without limitation of the foregoing, if and to the extent any Subsidiary (other than an   Unrestricted Subsidiary) is created or acquired hereafter with Lender s prior written consent,   then, as a condition to such consent becoming effective, each such Subsidiary must be joined as a   Borrower hereunder, or, if Lender approves it, must become a Guarantor hereof, on terms   satisfactory to Lender.                                         -53 -  

7.12  Fiscal Year and Accounting Changes. Change its Fiscal Year from that in use  on the Closing Date, or make any change (a) in its accounting treatment and reporting practices,  except as required by GAAP with respect to the Loan Parties, if and when it may elect to report  its accounts based upon GAAP, or as otherwise required or pennitted by Lender pursuant to the  terms of this Agreement, or (b) in its tax reporting treatment, except as required by law.        7.13  Pledge of Credit. Pledge (or purport to pledge) Lender s credit on any purchases  or for any purpose whatsoever or use any portion of any Advance in or for any business other  than such Loan Party s business as conducted on the Closing Date.        7.14  Amendment of Documents. Amend, modify or waive any term or provision of its  Organic Documents or any Material Agreement, unless (a) required by law to do so, or (b) such  amendment, modification or waiver (i) would not cause any contravention of, or conflict with,  any material term or condition of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, including any  Subordination Agreement, and (ii) would not otherwise reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect, except that Tecogen may amend its bylaws to require a majority vote  (rather than a plurality) to elect members of its Board of Directors.        7.15  Prepayment of Indebtedness. At any time, directly or indirectly, either (a) prepay  any Indebtedness (other than to Lender or Bank), or (b) prior to its stated maturity, repurchase,  redeem, retire or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness of any Loan Party.        7.16  Deposit Accounts. Open any Deposit Account unless a Lock-Bock Account  Agreement, a Blocked Account Agreement or Pledged Account Agreement, as appropriate, is  first executed in respect thereof        7.17  Equity Interests. Issue any Equity Interests: (a) unless such Equity Interests  (other than Equity Interests of Tecogen) are pledged to Lender, on terms satisfactory to it, as  security for payment of the Obligations; or (b) if, by doing so, on a fully diluted basis, a Change  of Control would occur.        7.18  Minimum Excess Availability. Permit Excess Availability (a) at all times prior to  a Vardakas Dismissal, to be less than $1,000,000, and (b) at all times from and after a Vardakas  Dismissal, if any, to be less than $500,000.  8.    FmiNCML COVENANTS.        Until payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement:        8.1   Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. The Borrowers on a Consolidated and  Consolidating basis shall maintain, as of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, beginning with the  Fiscal Quarter ending June 30, 2018, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.10:1.00.        8.2   Unfinanced Capital Expenditures. The Borrowers shall not make Unfmanced  Capital Expenditures in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year.                                        -54-  

9.    INFORMA   TION CO l^ENANTS.        Until satisfaction in full of the Obligations and the tennination of this Agreement each  Borrower shall:        9.1   Disclosure of Material Matters. Promptly upon learning thereof, but in any event  within ten (10) days thereafter, report to Lender all matters materially affecting the value,  enforceability or collectability of any material portion of the Collateral including, without  limitation, any Loan Party s reclamation or repossession of, or the return to any Loan Party of, a  material amount of goods or claims or disputes asserted by any Customer or other obligor.        9.2   Schedules and Reports.               (a)   Deliver to the Lender, within twenty (20) days after the end of each Fiscal  Month, commencing with the Fiscal Month ending May 31, 2018, a perpetual inventory report.               (b)   Deliver to Lender a statement of sales within twenty (20) days after the   end of each Fiscal Month, commencing with the Fiscal Month ending May 31, 2018, and if and  the extent that any Borrower seeks to include the Receivables resulting from such sales in the  Borrowing Base and collections for the previous Business Day, showing outstanding Receivables   as of the close of business on the previous Business Day; and               (c)   Deliver to Lender at such intervals as Lender may reasonably require, in   its Permitted Discretion, in writing: (i) confirmatory assignment schedules, (ii) copies of   Customer s invoices, (iii) evidence of shipment or delivery, (iv) copies of UCC-1 or mechanics   lien filings evidencing Borrowers  contractual right to obtain a lien on equipment sales in the   Ordinary Course of Business and (v) such further schedules, documents and/or information   regarding the Collateral as Lender, in its Permitted Discretion, may require including, without   limitation, trial balances and test verifications. Lender shall also have the right to confirm and   verify all Receivables by any manner and through any medium it considers commercially   advisable and do whatever it may deem commercially necessary to protect its interests   hereunder. The items to be provided under this Section shall be in fonu satisfactory to Lender   and executed by Borrowing Representative and delivered to Lender from time to time solely for   Lender s convenience in maintaining records of the Collateral, and any failure to deliver any of   such items to Lender shall not affect, terminate, modify or otherwise limit Lender s Lien with   respect to the Collateral.         9.3   Litigation. Promptly notify Lender in writing of: (a) any Commercial Tort Claim   arising in a Loan Party s favor subsequent to the Closing Date, (b) any litigation, suit or   administrative proceeding affecting any Loan Party, whether or not the claim is covered by   insurance, and of any suit or administrative proceeding, and (c) the status of the Vardakas   Litigation, the filing of any dispositive motions in such action and, if requested by the Lender,   the pleadings in any such motion, if the D O Insurer denies coverage of such Litigation or does   not reimburse the Borrowers for their legal fees and other expenses to the extent such fees and   expenses exceed the deductible amounts under the applicable insurance policy.         9.4   Notice of Adverse Events. Notify Lender promptly of (a) any lapse or other   termination of any Consent issued to any Loan Party by any Governmental Body or any other                                        -55-  

Person that is material to the operation of any Loan Party s business, (b) any refusal by any  Governmental Body or any other Person to renew or extend any such Consent, (c) copies of any  periodic or special reports filed by any Loan Party with any Governmental Body or Person, if  such reports indicate any material change in the business, operations, affairs or condition of any  Loan Party, or if copies thereof are requested by Lender, and (d) copies of any material notices  and other communications from any Governmental Body or Person which specifically relate to  any Loan Party.        9.5    Other Material Occurrences. Promptly notify Lender in writing upon the  occurrence of (a) any Default or Event of Default; (b) any event, development or circumstance  whereby any finaneial statements or other reports furnished to Lender fail in any material respect  to present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, the financial condition or  operating results of any Loan Party as of the date of such statements; (c) any accumulated  retirement plan funding deficiency which, if such deficiency continued for two plan years and  was not corrected as provided in Section 4971 of the Code, could subject any Loan Party to a tax  imposed by Seetion 4971 of the Code; (d) each and every default by any Loan Party in respect of  any Indebtedness which, individually or when aggregated, exceeds the Materiality Threshold,  which could reasonably be expected to result in the acceleration of the maturity of any  Indebtedness, including the names and addresses of the holders of such Indebtedness with  respect to which there is a default existing or with respect to which the maturity has been or  could be accelerated, and the amount of sueh Indebtedness; (e) the early termination (or receipt  of notice of pending early termination) of any Material Agreement; and (f) any other  development in the business or affairs of any Loan Party which could reasonably be expected to  have a Material Adverse Effect; in each case describing the nature thereof and the action that  Loan Parties propose to take with respect thereto.        9.6    Government Receivables. Notify Lender promptly if any of its Receivables arise  out of contracts between any Loan Party and the United States, any state, or any department,  agency or instrumentality of any of them, exceeding the Materiality Threshold.        9.7   Annual Financial Statements. Deliver to Lender within ninety (90) days after  the end of each Fiscal Year of Loan Parties, commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December  31, 2018, (a) audited financial statements of the Loan Parties on a Consolidated and  Consolidating basis and a Consolidating basis including, without limitation, statements of  income and stockholders  equity and cash flow from the beginning of the current Fiscal Year to  the end of such Fiscal Year and the balance sheet as at the end of such Fiscal Year, each certified  without qualification or limitations as to scope by the Aeeountants and each prepared in  accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior practices and in reasonable  detail, and (b) a certified monthly and perpetual inventory report. The finaneial statements shall  be accompanied by a eertificate of a Designated Officer certifying that (i) such Designated  Officer has caused this Agreement and the financial statement to be reviewed and (ii) in making  such review, no information came to the attention of such Designated Officer which to their  knowledge constituted a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or any related  agreement or, if sueh information came to their attention, speeifying any such Default or Event  of Default, its nature, when it occurred and whether it is continuing, and such report shall contain  or have appended thereto calculations which set forth Loan Parties  compliance with the  requirements or restrictions imposed by the Financial Covenants. In addition, the financial                                       -56-  

statements shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Designated Officer of Borrowing   Representative which shall state that, based on an examination sufficient to pennit the Borrowing   Representative to make an informed statement, no Default or Event of Default exists, or, if such   is not the case, specifying such Default or Event of Default, its nature, when it occurred, whether   it is continuing and the steps being taken by Loan Parties with respect to such event, and such   certificate shall have appended thereto calculations which set forth Loan Parties  compliance   with the requirements or restrictions imposed by the Financial Covenants.         9.8   Quarterly Financial Statements, Cash Flow Projections and Borrowing Base  Certificates.         Deliver to Lender within sixty (60) days after the end of the first, second and third Fiscal   Quarters, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2018:               (a)   Financial Statements. A management prepared balance sheet of the Loan   Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis and on a Consolidating and combining basis   and unaudited statements of income and stockholders  (or members ) equity and cash flow of the   Loan Parties on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis and Consolidating and combining basis   reflecting results of operations from the beginning of the Fiscal Year to the end of such quarter   and for such quarter, prepared on a basis consistent with prior practices but in accordance with   GAAP (except for the absence of footnotes and customary year-end adjustments) and complete   and correct in all material respects, subject to normal year-end adjustments (together with   comparative reports for the corresponding period(s) in the prior Fiscal Year and for the projected   reports for the current Fiscal Year required under Section 9.10L The reports shall be   accompanied by a certificate of a Designated Officer of Borrowing Representative, in form and   substance satisfactory to the Lender, which shall state that, based on an examination sufficient to   permit the Borrowing Representative to make an infonued statement, no Default or Event of   Default exists, or, if such is not the case, specifying such Default or Event of Default, its nature,   when it occurred, whether it is continuing and the steps being taken by the Loan Parties with   respect to such event, and such certificate shall have appended thereto calculations which set   forth the Loan Parties  compliance with the Financial Covenants (each, a ''Compliance   Certificate  ') and               (b)   Borrowing Base Certificate. Deliver to Lender a certificate of a   Designated Officer of Borrowing Representative in such form as may be required or approved by   Lender fi-om time to time (a  Borrowing Base Certificate ) which shall state Loan Party s  Borrowing Base as of the date thereof (including a calculation of such Borrowing Base). A  Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered monthly, by the twentieth day of each calendar  month, as of the last Business Day of the preceding calendar month, and on the date of each  requested Advance, and shall be supplemented by a monthly reconciliation of the monthly  Borrowing Base Certificate delivered closest to (but within) each Fiscal Month, including  accounts receivable and accounts payable agings and (a) the inventory reports for such Fiscal  Month delivered pursuant to Section 9.2. (b) the financial statements of Loan Parties for the most  recent Fiscal Month delivered pursuant to Section 9.8 and (c) Loan Parties  general ledger, with  each such reconciliation to be delivered coincident with the delivery of such financial statements  pursuant to Section 9.8. and to be in fonu satisfactory to Lender, which shall include a                                        -57-  

reconciliation and roll forward  from the prior month s reporting thereof pursuant to Section 9.2.        9.9   Projections; Operating Budgets. Deliver to Lender, no later than thirty (30) days  prior to the beginning of each Loan Party s Fiscal Years commencing with its first Fiscal Year  ending after the Closing Date, the following projections (the   Projections '), on a quarter-to-  quarter basis for such Fiscal Year, for Loan Parties, on a Consolidated and Consolidating basis  and on a Consolidating basis: an operating budget, balance sheets, income statements, statements  of cash flow. Financial Covenants compliance projections (including projected amounts of all  financial components used in determining compliance) and borrowing availability, such  projections to be accompanied by a certificate signed by a Designated Officer of Borrowing  Representative to the effect that such projections have been prepared on the basis of sound  financial planning practice consistent with past budgets and financial statements and that such  officer has no reason to question the reasonableness of any material assumptions on which such  projections were prepared.        9.10  Variances From Operating Budget. Deliver to Lender, concurrently with the  delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 9.8. a report summarizing all material  variances from budgets submitted by Loan Parties pursuant to Section 9.9.        9.11  Intellectual Property. Notify Lender promptly if, subsequent to the Closing Date,  any Loan Party applies for, or acquires, any patent, trademark or copyright registered (or  registrable) under the federal law, and execute and deliver to Lender, upon request, such IP  Security Agreement Supplements in respect of such patents, trademarks, and/or copyrights,  respectively) as Lender may request to evidence, confirm or perfect Lender s Lien on and  security interest in sueh Collateral.        9.12  Public Reports. Deliver to Lender, promptly after the same become publicly  available, that a Loan Party has filed any periodic or other reports, proxy statements and other  materials filed by any Loan Party with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any  Governmental Body succeeding to any or all of the functions of the Securities and Exchange  Commission, or with any national securities exchange, and provide copies of any materials  distributed to the owners of Loan Parties  Equity Interests generally or to the holders of Loan  Parties  Indebtedness pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness  (or any trustee, agent or other representative therefor), as the case may be.        9.13  Additional Information. Furnish Lender with such additional information as  Lender, in its Permitted Discretion, may request in order to enable Lender to determine whether  the tenns, covenants, provisions and conditions of this Agreement and the other Credit  Documents have been complied with by Loan Parties including, without limitation and without  the necessity of any request by Lender, (a) copies of all environmental audits and reviews, (b) at  least thirty (30) days prior thereto, notice of any Loan Party s opening or establishing of any new  Collateral location or any Loan Party s closing of any existing Collateral location, and  (c) promptly upon any Loan Party s learning thereof, notice of any labor dispute to which any  Loan Party may become a party, any strikes or walkouts relating to any of its plants or other  facilities, and the expiration of any labor contract to which any Loan Party is a party or by which  any Loan Party is bound.                                        - 58 -  

9.14  Additional Documents. Execute and deliver to Lender, upon request, such   documents and agreements as Lender may, from time to time, request, in its Pennitted   Discretion, to carry out the purposes, tenus or conditions of this Agreement.   10. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.         10.1  Conditions to the Initial Advance. The agreement of Lender to make the Initial   Advance requested to be made on the Closing Date is subject to the receipt by Lender (unless   receipt is postponed or waived in writing by Lender), (in addition to the satisfaction of conditions   precedent set forth in the Commitment Letter) of:               (a)   Loan Documents.    This Agreement (including all Schedules and  Exhibits), the Issuer Documents, the Note, the Security Agreement and any other Credit   Documents to which Loan Parties and the Guarantors, or a Loan Party or a Guarantor are parties,   duly executed and delivered by a Designated Officer of each applicable Loan Party;               (b)   Filings, Registrations, Recordings and Searches, (i) Evidence that each   document (including, without limitation, any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement)  required by this Agreement, any other Credit Document, under applicable law or otherwise as  reasonably requested by Lender to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create, in favor of   Lender, a perfected first-priority security interest in or lien upon the Collateral shall have been  properly filed, registered or recorded in each jurisdiction in which the filing, registration or  recordation thereof is so required or requested, and Lender shall have received an   acknowledgment copy, or other evidence satisfactory to it, of each such filing, registration or  recordation and satisfactory evidence of the payment of any necessary fee, tax or expense  relating thereto; (ii) Lender shall also have received UCC, tax, judgment lien and bankruptcy  searches with respect to each Loan Party in such jurisdictions as Lender shall require, and the  results of such searches shall be satisfactory to Lender; and (iii) Lender shall have received from  Borrowing Representative, for each Loan Party, a perfection certificate, the form of which shall  be supplied by Lender to Borrowing Representative prior to the Closing Date;              (c)    Certificates of Organization, Authority Incumbency. A certificate of a  Designated Officer of each Loan Party, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance  satisfactory to the Lender, certifying as to (i) the incumbency and signature of the officers (or  other representatives) of each Loan Party executing any Credit Documents, and (ii) the  authorizations by the board of directors (or other governing body) of such Loan Party to such  officers or other representatives to enter into and carry out such transactions as are contemplated  pursuant to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; and including therewith copies of  the Organic Documents of such Loan Party as in effect on the Effective Date;              (d)    Good Standing Certificates. Good standing certificates for each Loan  Party dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date, issued by the secretary of  state or other appropriate official of each Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization and each  jurisdiction where the conduct of each Loan Party s business activities or the ownership of its  properties necessitates qualification as of the Effective Date;                                        -59-  

(e)   Legal Opinion. The executed legal opinion of legal counsel to the Loan  Parties, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, unless otherwise acceptable to or  required by Lender, which shall cover such matters incident to the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement, the Note and all other Credit Documents as Lender may reasonably require, and   each Loan Party hereby authorizes and directs such counsel to deliver such opinions to Lender;               (f)   Closing Certificate. A closing certificate signed by a Designated Officer   of each Borrower dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender,   certifying that:                    (i) all representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the         other Credit Documents are true and correct on and as of such date.                   (ii) the Loan Parties are on such date in compliance with (A) all the terms         and provisions set forth in the Credit Documents and (B) all Requirements of Law,                   (iii) on such date, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is        continuing.                   (iv) all of the information provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party to         the Lender is true and complete in all material respects, and                   (v)  attached thereto is a calculation, with reasonably detailed supporting         information, demonstrating that Excess Availability on the Closing Date is not less than         $1,000,000.               (g)   No Litigation. A certificate signed by a Designated Officer of each Loan   Party certifying that except for the Vardakas Litigation (i) no litigation, suit, action, investigation   or proceeding before or by any arbitrator or Governmental Body shall be continuing or to its   knowledge, threatened, against any Loan Party or against the officers or directors of any Loan   Party (A) in connection with the Credit Documents or any of the transactions contemplated   thereby and which, in the reasonable opinion of Lender, is deemed material or (B) which could,   in the reasonable opinion of Lender, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) no injunction, writ,   restraining order or other order of any nature materially adverse to any Loan Party or the conduct   of its business or inconsistent with the due consummation of the Transactions shall have been   issued by any Governmental Body;               (h)   Material Agreements. All Material Agreements and the Lender shall be  satisfied therewith;               (i)   Collateral Examination. Collateral examinations, results of which shall   be satisfactory in form and substance to the Lender, of the Receivables, Inventory, General   Intangibles, Leasehold Interests, and Equipment of each Loan Party and all books and records in   connection therewith, the fees for which shall have been paid by the Loan Parties;              a)    Fees. Payment of all fees and expenses payable to Lender on or prior to   the Closing Date pursuant hereto or under any other Credit Document;                                         -60-  

(k)   Financial Statements. Copies of the Projections, copies of the Historical Financial Statements;               (1)  Insurance. Copies of the Loan Parties :                   (i)  casualty insurance policies, together with lender loss payable        endorsements naming Lender as lender loss payee, which insurance will insure against,        without limitation, windstonn, which shall be in an amount not less than the lesser of        replacement cost of the property insured or the Revolving Commitment;                   (ii) liability insurance policies, together with endorsements naming Lender         as a co-insured, which insurance will insure against, without limitation, violation of law        insurance, which shall be in amounts of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence and         $2,000,000 in the aggregate, together with an endorsement naming the Lender as an         additional insured.                  (iii) directors  and officers  insurance policies.  Each of such policies of insurance shall be satisfactory to the Lender and the premiums for each  policy shall be paid in full.               (m)  Accounts Etc. Duly executed agreements establishing the Lock Box  Account, Blocked Account and the Concentration Account;               (n)   Consents. Any and all Consents necessary to permit the effectuation of  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; and Lender   shall have received such Consents (without the imposition of any conditions that are not   acceptable to the Lender) and waivers of such third parties as might assert claims with respect to  the Collateral, as Lender and its counsel shall deem necessary;               (0)   No Adverse Material Change. Confirmation satisfactory to it that since   December 31, 2017, there shall not have occurred any event, condition or state of faets which   could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and no representations made or   information supplied to Lender shall have been proven to be inaccurate or misleading in any  material respect;               (P)   Landlord s and Other Access Agreements, Etc. Waivers or other access   agreements satisfactory to Lender with respect to all premises leased by, licensed to, mortgaged   or otherwise used by the Loan Parties at which Eligible Inventory or Equipment is located or in   which Eligible Inventory is otherwise being processed, finished or stored, such waivers or related   agreements to be in form and substance satisfactory to Lender unless Lender otherwise has   agreed to suspend or waive such requirement in one or more instanees and impose reserves under   the Borrowing Base in regard thereto due to the Loan Parties  inability to obtain same, after   reasonable effort;               (q)   Intellectual Property. To the extent any Loan Party owns any trademarks   or patents (or applications therefor) which are registered with the United States Patent and   Trademark Office, or any copyrights (or applications therefor) which are registered with the                                        -61 -  

United States Copyright Office, one or more IP Security Agreement Supplements in regard  thereto, duly executed and delivered hy a Designated Officer of such Loan Party;              (r)   Excess Availability at Closing. Evidence satisfactory to it to the effect that  after giving effect to the making of the Initial Advances hereunder, the imposition of all  Availability Reserves under the Borrowing Base and the payment of all closing costs associated  therewith (regardless whether required to be paid on the Closing Date), Loan Parties shall have  Excess Availability on the Closing Date of not less than $1,000,000;               (s)  Existing Loans. Pay-off letters from the Existing Lender in respect of the  Existing Loans, to be in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, pursuant to which the  Existing Lender shall have agreed to release, and authorized the Lender to release, all Existing  Lender Liens upon receipt of full payment of the Existing Loans on the Closing Date;               (t)   Solvency. A certificate duly executed by a Designated Officer of  Borrowing Representative attesting to Loan Parties  solvency in conformity with Section 5.7;               (u)   Guaranty. Each Guaranty required from the Guarantors specified in the  definition of the term  Guarantor , duly executed and delivered by a Designated Officer (if  applicable) of each Guarantor;               (V)   Computer Systems. Confirmation satisfactory to the Lender that the Loan  Parties  computer systems are satisfactory and that such computer systems are sufficient to report  accurately the information required by the Lender regarding the Lender s Collateral and the Loan  Parties  financial conditions.               (w)   Trade References; Background Check. Trade referenees and background   checks, including references by and checks with banks, customers and vendors, performed by   investigation firms satisfactory to Lender, with respect to the Loan Parties and such employees   of the Loan Parties that the Lender may require.               (X)   All Other Matters. All other Credit Documents which Lender determines   to be necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated to oecur on or after the Closing   Date pursuant to this Agreement, and all corporate and other proceedings, and all doeuments,   instruments and other legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated herein shall   be satisfactory in form and substance to Lender and its legal counsel.         10.2 Conditions to Each Advance. The agreement of Lender to make any Advance   requested to be made on any date (including, without limitation, the Initial Advance), is subject   to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent as of the date such Advance is made:               (a)   Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and   warranties made by any Borrower in or pursuant to this Agreement and any other Credit   Document to which it is a party, and each of the representations and warranties contained in any   certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished at any time under or in connection   with this Agreement or any related agreement shall be true and correct in all material respeets on   and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any of such                                         -62-  

representations or warranties specifically relate to an earlier date or became untrue by reason of  events or conditions otherwise pennitted to occur hereunder;              (b)   No Default. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be  continuing on such date, or would exist after giving effect to the Advances requested to be made,  on such date and, in the case of the Initial Advance, after giving effect to the consummation of  the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that Lender, in its sole and absolute  discretion, may continue to make Advances notwithstanding the existence of a Default or Event  of Default and that any Advances so made shall not be deemed a waiver of any such Default or  Event of Default;              (c)   Maximum Revolving Advances.   In the case of any request for a Revolving Advance after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all Revolving Advances  shall not exceed the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount; and              (d)   Maximum Letters of Credit. In the case of any request for a Letter of  Credit, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate face amount and reimbursement obligations  outstanding in respect of Letters of Credit (i) shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit or,  (ii) when aggregated with all then outstanding Revolving Advances, shall not exceed the  Maximum Revolving Advance Amount.  Each request for an Advance by any Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and  warranty by each Borrower as of the date of such Advance that the conditions contained in this  Section 10.2 shall have been satisfied.  11. EVENTS OF DEFA ULT.        The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an 'Event of DefaulC:        11.1  Obligations. Failure by any Loan Party (a) to pay any principal of, or interest on,  any Obligations, including any reimbursement obligations with respect to any drawing under any  Letter of Credit when due, whether at maturity or by reason of acceleration pursuant to the terms  of this Agreement or by notice of intention to prepay, or by mandatory prepayment or (b) to pay  within five (5) days of the due date thereof, any other obligations or make any other payment, fee  or charge provided for herein or in any other Credit Document;        11.2  Misrepresentations. Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by  any Loan Party in any Credit Document or in any certificate, document or financial or other  statement furnished at any time in connection therewith shall prove to have been misleading in  any material respect on the date when made or deemed to have been made;        11.3  Financial Information. Failure by any Loan Party to (a) furnish financial  information when due or when requested pursuant hereto which is unremedied for a period of ten  (10) days, or (b) permit the inspection of its books or records by Lender when requested pursuant  hereto;                                        -63 -  

11.4  Liens. Issuance of a notice of Lien, levy, assessment, injunction or attachment  against any Loan Party s property having a collateral value in excess of the Materiality  Threshold which is not stayed or lifted within thirty (30) days (but not later than its being  executed, however);        11.5  Covenants. Either (i) except as otherwise provided in Section ILL Section 11.2  or Section 11.3 or clause (ii) below of this Section 11.5. failure or neglect of any Loan Party to  perform, keep or observe any covenant contained in Section 7.1 through Section 7.19 or  contained in Section 8.1 (without any cure or grace period); or (ii) a failure or neglect of any  Loan Party to perfonn, keep or observe any term, provision, condition or covenant, contained in  (A) Section 5 of the Security Agreement or Sections 6.3, 6.4. 6.6 hereof which is not cured  within fifteen (15) days from the occurrence of such failure or neglect and (B) any other Section  of this Agreement or any other Credit Document which is not cured within thirty (30) days from  the occurrence of such failure or neglect, unless, in either case, a shorter period of time is  specifically required in any other such Credit Document;        11.6  .Judgments. Any judgment or judgments are rendered or judgment liens filed  against any Loan Party for an aggregate amount in excess of the Materiality Threshold which  within thirty (30) days of such rendering or filing (but not later than its being executed, however)  is not either satisfied, stayed or discharged of record;        11.7  Voluntary Bankruptcy. Any Loan Party shall take any Bankruptcy Action; or  shall take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;        11.8  Involuntary Bankruptcy. Any Loan Party shall acquiesce in, or fail to have  dismissed any Bankruptcy Action within sixty (60) days after the occurrence thereof; or shall  take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;        11.9  Material Adverse Changes. Any change in any Loan Party s condition or affairs  (financial or otherwise) which Lender detennines has had, or could reasonably be expected to  have, a Material Adverse Effect;        11.10 Lender s Liens. Any Lien created under the Credit Documents for any reason  ceases to be or is not a valid and perfected Lien having a first priority interest, except for  Peraiitted Encumbrances;        11.11 Subordinated Debt. An Event of Default shall occur under or in respect of any  Subordinated Debt which causes the acceleration of, or entitles the holder thereof to cause the  acceleration of, any Subordinated Debt, or any payment is made or received in respect of any  Subordinated Debt in violation of the Subordination Agreement made with respect thereto;        11.12 Cross Default. A default of the obligations of any Loan Party under any Material  Agreement shall occur which involves a monetary obligation in excess of the Materiality  Threshold, whether individually or in the aggregate, or otherwise materially and adversely  affects such Loan Party s condition, affairs or prospects (financial or otherwise) which default is  not cured within any applicable grace period;                                        -64-  

11.13 Guaranty. Tennination or breach of any Guaranty or similar agreement executed  and delivered to Lender in connection with the Obligations of any Loan Party shall occur; or any  Guarantor shall attempt to temrinate, or shall challenge the validity of or its liability under, any  such Guaranty or similar agreement;        11.14 Subordination Agreement. Termination or breach of any Subordination  Agreement shall occur; or any holder of Permitted Subordinated Debt shall attempt to terminate,  or shall challenge the validity of or its liability under, any such Subordination Agreement;        11.15 Change of Control. Any Change of Control shall occur;        11.16 Invalidity. Any material provision of any Credit Document shall, for any reason,  cease to be valid and binding on the Loan Party party thereto, or any Loan Party shall so claim in  writing to Lender;        11.17 Takings, (a) Any Governmental Body shall (i) revoke, terminate, suspend or  adversely modify any license, permit, patent trademark or trade name of any Loan Party, the  continuation of which is material to the continuation of any Loan Party s business, or  (ii) commence proceedings to suspend, revoke, terminate or adversely modify any such license,  permit, trademark, trade name or patent and such proceedings shall not be dismissed or  discharged within sixty (60) days, or (iii) schedule or conduct a hearing on the renewal of any  license, permit, trademark, trade name or patent necessary for the continuation of any Loan  Party s business and the staff of such Governmental Body issues a report recommending the  termination, revocation, suspension or material adverse modification of such license, permit,  trademark, trade name or patent; or (b) any agreement which is necessary or material to the  operation of any Loan Party s business shall be revoked or terminated and not replaced by a  substitute acceptable to Lender within thirty (30) days after the date of such revocation or  termination, and such revocation or termination and non-replacement would reasonably be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on any Loan Party;        11.18 Seizures. Any portion of the Collateral having a collateral value in excess of the  Materiality Threshold shall be seized or taken by a Governmental Body, or any Loan Party or the  title and rights of any Loan Party shall have become the subject matter of litigation which  Lender, in its Permitted Discretion, determines could reasonably be expected, upon final  determination, to result in impairment or loss of the security provided by this Agreement or the  other Credit Documents as to such Collateral;        11.19 Cessation of Operations. Unless and except to the extent occurring in the  Ordinary Course of Business as conducted on the Closing Date, the operations of any Loan Party  are interrupted at any time for more than ten (10) Business Days during any period of thirty (30)  consecutive days, unless such Loan Party shall (a) be entitled to receive for such period of  interruption, proceeds of business interruption insurance sufficient to assure that its per diem  cash needs during such period are at least equal to its average per diem cash needs for the  consecutive three month period immediately preceding the initial date of interruption; and  (b) receive such proceeds in the amount described in clause (b) preceding not later than thirty  (30) days following the initial date of any such interruption; provided, however, that  notwithstanding the provisions of clauses (a) and (b) of this Section, an Event of Default shall be                                       -65-  

deemed to have occurred if such Loan Party shall be receiving the proceeds of business  interruption insurance for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or         11.20 Criminal Charges. Any Loan Party or any director or officer of a Loan Party  (which is an entity, and not an individual) shall become the subject of a criminal indictment or  investigation in respect of or pertaining to, the operation or conduct of its business, its reporting  of any financial data, its application for or receipt of any credit, its  laundering  of any funds or  its non-payment (or underpayment) of any taxes or any other Charges, or shall admit its, his or  her guilt or complicity in respect of any of the foregoing, or shall pay any fine or suffer any  penalty in respect thereof (including as part of any plea bargain or similar arrangement).  12. LENDER RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFA ULT.         12.1 Rights and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an  Event of Default pursuant to Sections 11.7 or 11.8, all Obligations shall be immediately due and  payable and this Agreement and all Commitments of Lender shall be deemed terminated. Upon  the occurrence of any other Event of Default not specified in the preceding sentence, and at any  time thereafter during the continuation of such Event of Default, at Lender s option, all  Obligations shall be immediately due and payable and Lender shall have the right to terminate  this Agreement and to terminate the Commitments of Lender to make Advances. Upon the  occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, and during its continuation.  Lender shall have the right to exercise any and all other rights and remedies provided for herein,  under the Uniform Commercial Code and at law or equity generally, including, without  limitation, the right to foreclose the security interests granted under the Credit Documents and to  realize upon any Collateral by any available judicial procedure and/or to take possession of and  sell any or all of the Collateral with or without judicial process. Lender may enter any Loan  Party s premises or other premises without legal process and without incurring liability to any  Loan Party therefor, and Lender may thereupon, or at any time thereafter, in its discretion  without notice or demand, take the Collateral and remove the same to such place as Lender may  deem advisable and Lender may require Loan Parties to make the Collateral available to Lender  at a convenient place. With or without having the Collateral at the time or place of sale. Lender  may sell the Collateral, or any part thereof, at public or private sale, at any time or place, in one  or more sales, at such price or prices, and upon such terms, either for cash, credit or future  delivery, as Lender may elect. Except as to that part of the Collateral which is perishable or  threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a 15^30 customarily sold on a recognized market.  Lender shall give Loan Parties reasonable notification of such sale or sales, it being agreed that  in all events written notice mailed to Loan Parties at least ten (10) days prior to such sale or sales  is reasonable notification. At any public sale Lender may bid for and become the purchaser, and  Lender, or any other purchaser at any such sale thereafter, shall hold the Collateral sold  absolutely free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind, including any equity of redemption  and such right and equity are hereby expressly waived and released by each Loan Party. In  cormection with the exercise of the foregoing remedies. Lender is granted permission to use all  of each Loan Party s trademarks, trade styles, trade names, patents, patent applications, licenses,  franchises and other proprietary rights which are used in connection with (a) Inventory for the  purpose of disposing of such Inventory and (b) Equipment for the purpose of completing the  manufacture of unfinished goods.                                         - 66 -  

12.2 Application of Proceeds. The proceeds realized by Lender from the sale or other  disposition by Lender of any Collateral subsequent to an Event of Default occurring and during  its continuation, shall be applied as follows: first, to the reasonable costs, expenses and  attorneys  fees and expenses incurred by Lender for collection and for acquisition, completion,  protection, removal, storage, sale and delivery of the Collateral; secondly, to interest due upon   any of the Obligations; thirdly, to fees payable in connection with this Agreement; fourthly, to   furnish to Lender cash collateral in an amount not less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of  the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letter of Credit Obligations, such cash collateral   arrangements to be in fonn and substance satisfactory to Lender; and, lastly, to the principal of  the Obligations; provided, however, that Lender reserves the right to adjust the foregoing   allocations as it sees fit from time to time, in its sole discretion, and apply (or re-apply, as the   case may be) such proceeds to the Obligations in a different manner or order. If any deficiency   shall arise. Borrowers shall remain liable to Lender therefor. If any surplusage exists, such   surplusage shall be held as cash collateral pending full payment and satisfaction of all   Obligations and temiination of this Agreement, after which any remainder shall be returned to   Borrowing Representative unless Lender is then otherwise required to remit such remainder   under applicable law.         12.3  Lender s Discretion. After an Event of Default exists, and while it is continuing.   Lender shall have the right in its sole discretion to determine which rights. Liens, security   interests or remedies Lender may at any time pursue, relinquish, subordinate, or modify or to   take any other action with respect thereto and such determination will not in any way modify or   affect any of Lender s rights hereunder. In no event shall any Loan Party have any right to   require Lender to marshal any Collateral.         12.4  Setoff. In addition to any other rights which any Lender Party may have under   applicable law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, and during its   continuation, each Lender Party shall have a right to apply any Loan Party s property held by it   to reduce the Obligations.         12.5  Receiver. In addition to any other remedy available to it. Lender shall also have   the right, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and during its continuation, to seek and   obtain the appointment of a receiver to take possession of and operate and/or dispose of the   business and assets of Loan Parties and any costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection   with such receivership shall be reimbursed to Lender by Loan Parties on demand, shall bear   interest at the Default Rate until paid in full, and shall be secured by all Collateral.         12.6  Rights and Remedies not Exclusive. The enumeration of the foregoing rights and   remedies is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise of any right or remedy shall not   preclude the exercise of any other right or remedies provided for herein or in any other Credit   Document or otherwise provided by law from and after the occurrence of any Event of Default   and during its continuation, all of which shall be cumulative and not alternative.   13.   WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.         13.1  Waiver of Notice. Each Loan Party hereby waives notice of non-payment of any   of the Receivables, demand, presentment, protest and notice thereof with respect to any and all                                        -67-  

instruments, notice of acceptance hereof, notice of loans or advances made, credit extended,   Collateral received or delivered, or any other action taken in reliance hereon, and all other  demands and notices of any description, except such as are expressly provided for herein or as a  matter of applicable law may not be waived.         13.2 Delay. No delay or omission on Lender s part in exercising any right, remedy or   option shall operate as a waiver of such or any other right, remedy or option or of any default.         13.3 Jury Waiver. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY  WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR   CAUSE OF ACTION (A) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT  DOCUMENT, OR (B) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR   INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH   RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT OR ANY   RELATED TRANSACTIONS, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR   HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE   AND EACH PARTY HEREBY CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND,  ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A   JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL   COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN   EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF   THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.   14.  EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION.         14.1  Term; Early Termination Fee.               (a)   This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall   continue in full force and effect until that date which is the third anniversary of the Effective   Date (the  'Term ) unless sooner terminated as herein provided. Borrowers may terminate this   Agreement at any time upon not less than ten (10) days  prior written notice to Lender, upon  payment in lull of the Obligations.               (b)   In the event Commitments are terminated, for any reason, prior to the last   day of the Term in connection with any such early termination (the date of such prepayment  hereinafter referred to as the  Early Termination Date ), Borrowers shall pay to Lender an early   temiination fee (the  Early Termination Fee ), for the loss of its bargain (and not as a penalty)   in an amount equal to the product of:                   (i)  the greater of (A) the aggregate amount of Commitments being made         to Borrowers on the Closing Date or (B) the aggregate amount of Commitments being         made to Borrowers on the Early Termination Date, times                   (ii) either (A) three percent (3.0%), if the Early Temiination Date occurs         on or after the Closing Date to and including the date immediately preceding the first         anniversary of the Closing Date, unless such termination occurs contemporaneously with         the sale of the stock or assets of ADGE in which event, the Early Temiination Fee shall         be one percent (1.00%), (B) two percent (2.0%), if the Early Termination Date occurs on                                        -68-  

or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date but on or before the second anniversary         of the Closing Date, unless such termination occurs contemporaneously with the sale of         the stock or assets of ADGE in which event, the Early Termination Fee shall be one half         of one percent (0.50%), or (C) one half of one percent (0.50%), if the Early Termination         Date occurs on or after the second anniversary of the Closing Date but on or before the         stated expiration of the Term.         14.2  Termination. The termination of this Agreement shall not affect any Borrower s,   Lender s or any other Lender Party s rights, or any of the Obligations having their inception  prior to the effective date of such termination, and the provisions hereof shall continue to be fully   operative until all transactions entered into, rights or interests created or Obligations have been   fully disposed of, concluded or liquidated. The security interests. Liens and rights granted to   Lender, for the benefit of the Lender Parties, under the Credit Documents and the financing   statements filed hereunder shall continue in full force and effect, notwithstanding the termination   of this Agreement or the fact that Borrowers  Account may from time to time be temporarily in a   zero or credit position, until all of the Obligations of each Borrower have been paid or perforaied   in full after the termination of this Agreement or each Borrower has furnished Lender, for the  benefit of the Lender Parties, with an indemnification satisfactory to such parties with respect   thereto and an unconditional release from any liabilities hereunder. Upon termination of this   Agreement and Borrowers  satisfaction in full of all of Borrowers  Obligations under this   Agreement and the Credit Documents (including Indemnification Obligations) Lender shall, at   the Borrowers  expense, promptly provide to Borrowers and file with the appropriate filing   office (i) Uniform Commercial Code termination statements and (ii) termination or reassignment   agreements with respect to all intellectual property subject to an assignment or pledge in favor of   Lender. All representations, warranties, covenants, waivers and agreements contained herein   shall survive the tennination hereof until all Obligations are paid or perforaied in full.   15. ADDITION OF BORROWERS: MULTIPLE BORROWERS.         15.1 Addition of Borrowers. Provided that no Default or Event of Default has   occurred and is then continuing, and subject to the prior consent of Lender, Borrowing   Representative may from time to time direct that any of the then Loan Parties  Subsidiaries   which is not then a Borrower become a Borrower by submitting a Borrower Addendum to   Lender with respect to such Subsidiary, together with (a) a certificate, dated the date of such   Borrower Addendum, of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary and   substantially in the fonn of, and with substantially the same attachments as, the certificate which   would have been required under Section 10. Uc) if such Subsidiary had become a party hereto on   the Closing Date, and (b) an opinion of counsel to such Subsidiary in all respects reasonably   satisfactory to the Lender. Upon receipt of such Borrower Addendum and all of the supporting   items referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 15.1. Lender shall confirm such Borrower   Addendum by signing a copy thereof and shall deliver a copy thereof to Borrowing   Representative, at which time such Subsidiary shall become a ''Borrower ' hereunder.         15.2 Multiple Borrowers.               (a)   Each Borrower acknowledges that it, together with each other Borrower,  make up a related organization of various entities constituting a single economic and business                                        -69-  

enterprise and sharing a substantial identity of interests such that, without limitation, BoiTowers  render services to or for the benefit of each other, purchase or sell and supply goods to or from or  for the benefit of each other, make loans, advances and provide other financial accommodations  to or for the benefit of each other (including the payment of creditors and guarantees of  Indebtedness), provide administrative, marketing, payroll and management services to or for the  benefit of each other; have centralized accounting, common officers and directors; and are in  certain circumstances identified to creditors as a single economic and business enterprise.  Aceordingly, and without limitation, any credit or other financial accommodation extended to  any one Borrower pursuant hereto will result in direct and substantial economic benefit to each  other Borrower, and each Borrower will likewise benefit from the economies of scale associated  with Borrowers, as a group, applying for credit or other financial accommodations pursuant  hereto on a collective basis.              (b)   Each Borrower hereby irrevocably designates Borrowing Representative  to be its attorney and agent and in such capacity to borrow, sign and endorse notes, and execute  and deliver all instruments, documents, writings and further assuranees now or hereafter required  hereunder, on behalf of such Borrower or Borrowers, collectively, and hereby authorizes Lender  to pay over or credit all loan proceeds hereunder in accordance with the request of Borrowing  Representative.              (c)   The handling of this credit facility as a co-borrowing facility with a  Borrowing Representative in the manner set forth in this Agreement is solely as an  accommodation to Borrowers and at their request. None of the Lender Parties shall incur any  liability to Borrowers as a result thereof To induce the Lender Parties to do so and in  consideration thereof, each Borrower hereby indemnifies the Lender Parties and holds the  Lender Parties harmless from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, losses, damages and  claims of damage or injury asserted against the Lender Parties by any Person arising from or  incurred by reason of the handling of the financing arrangements of Borrowers as provided  herein, reliance by any of the Lender Parties on any request or instruction from Borrowing  Representative or any other aetion taken by any of the Lender Parties with respect to this Section  except due to willful misconduct or gross (not mere) negligence by the indemnified party.              (d)   All Obligations shall be joint and several, and each Borrower shall make  payment upon the maturity of the Obligations, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and such  obligation and liability on the part of each Borrower shall in no way be affected by any  extensions, renewals and forbearance granted by Lender to any Borrower, failure of Lender to  give any Borrower notice of borrowing or any other notice, any failure of Lender to pursue or  preserve its rights against any Borrower, the release by Lender of any Collateral now or  thereafter acquired from any Borrower, and such agreement by each Borrower to pay upon any  notice issued pursuant thereto is unconditional and unaffected by prior recourse by Lender to the  other Borrowers or any Collateral for such Borrower s Obligations or the lack thereof        15.3  Waiver of Subrogation. Each Borrower expressly waives any and all rights of  subrogation, reimbursement, indemnity, exoneration, contribution or any other claim which such  Borrower may now or hereafter have against the other Borrowers or other Person directly or  contingently liable for the Obligations hereunder, or against or with respect to the other  Borrowers  property (including, without limitation, any property which is Collateral for the                                       -70-  

Obligations), arising from the existence or perfomiance of this Agreement, until tennination of  this Agreement and repayment in full of the Obligations.  16. MISCELLANEOUS.         16.1 GO VERNING LA W. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND   CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK  APPLIED TO CONTRACTS TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN THE STATE OF  NEW YORK. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY OR AGAINST ANY  BORROWER WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS, THIS AGREEMENT OR  ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT OR RELATED TRANSACTION MAY BE BROUGHT   IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE CITY AND STATE OF NEW  YORK, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF  THIS AGREEMENT, EACH BORROWER ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION  WITH ITS PROPERTIES, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON  EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS, AND IRREVOCABLY  AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ANY JUDGMENT RENDERED THEREBY IN CONNECTION  WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT. EACH BORROWER   HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND   CONSENTS THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY   REGISTERED MAIL (RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED) DIRECTED TO BORROWING   REPRESENTATIVE AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 16.7 AND SERVICE SO   MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED FIVE (5) BUSINESS DAYS AFTER THE   SAME SHALL HAVE BEEN SO DEPOSITED IN THE MAILS OF THE UNITED STATES   OF AMERICA, OR, AT LENDER S OPTION, BY SERVICE UPON TECOGEN (OR ANY   SUCCESSOR OR REPLACEMENT PERSON, AS SELECTED BY LENDER), WHICH   EACH BORROWER IRREVOCABLY APPOINTS AS SUCH LOAN PARTY S AGENT FOR   THE PURPOSE OF ACCEPTING SERVICE WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY   MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF LENDER TO BRING   PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY BORROWER IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER   JURISDICTION. EACH BORROWER WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO JURISDICTION  AND VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED HEREUNDER AND SHALL NOT ASSERT   ANY DEFENSE BASED ON LACK OF JURISDICTION OR VENUE OR BASED UPON   FORUM NON CONVENIENS. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY ANY BORROWER   AGAINST LENDER INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER OR   CLAIM IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO OR CONNECTED WITH THIS  AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT, SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN  A FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, STATE OF  NEW YORK.         16.2 Entire Understanding. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents   executed concurrently herewith contain the entire understanding between each Borrower and   Lender relative to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and  understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof, provided that the terms of any   Commitment Letter, to the extent not in conflict herewith or with any other Credit Document   shall continue to be applicable hereto. Any promises, representations, warranties or guarantees                                        -71 -  

not herein contained and hereinafter made shall have no force and effect unless in writing, signed  by the respective officers of the party making such promises, representations, warranties, or  guarantees. Neither this Agreement nor any other Credit Document nor any portion or  provisions hereof or thereof may be changed, modified, amended, waived, supplemented,  discharged, cancelled or terminated orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other  than by an agreement in writing signed by the party to be charged.         16.3 Advice of Counsel. Each Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised by  counsel in connection with the execution of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and  is not relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent with the terais and provisions  of this Agreement or any other Credit Document.         16.4 Successors and Assigns; Participations; New Lender.               (a)   This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of  Borrowers and Lender and all future holders of the Obligations and their respective successors  and assigns, except that no Borrower may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under  this Agreement without the prior written consent of Lender.               (b)   Each Borrower acknowledges that Lender may at any time and from time  to time sell participating interests in the Advances to one or more Participants. Each Participant  may exercise all rights of payment (including, without limitation, rights of set-off) with respect  to the portion of such Advances held by it or other Obligations payable hereunder as fully as if  such Participant were the direct holder thereof provided that Borrowers shall not be required to  pay to any Participant more than the amount which it would have been required to pay to Lender  which granted an interest in its Advances or other Obligations payable hereunder to such  Participant had Lender retained such interest in the Advances hereunder or other Obligations  payable hereunder and in no event shall Borrowers be required to pay any such amount arising  from the same circumstances and with respect to the same Advances or other Obligations  payable hereunder to both such Lender and such Participant. Each Borrower hereby grants to   any Participant a continuing security interest in any deposits, moneys or other property actually  or constructively held by such Participant as security for such Participant s interest in the  Advances.               (c)   Lender may sell, assign or transfer all or any part of its rights under this  Agreement and the other Credit Documents to one or more additional banks or financial  institutions and one or more additional banks or financial institutions may commit to make  Advances hereunder (each a ''Purchasing Lender''). Borrowers hereby consent to the addition   of such Purchasing Lender and the transfer of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of   Lender under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents in connection therewith.   Borrowers shall execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things   as Lender or Purchasing Lender may reasonably request in order to effectuate the foregoing.               (d)   Nothing contained herein, however, shall limit in any way the right of   Lender to assign all or a portion of the Advances owing to it from time to time to any Federal   Reserve Bank or the United States Treasury as collateral security pursuant to Regulation A of the   Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and any Operating Circular issued by such                                        -72-  

Federal Reserve Bank in regard thereto, but no such assignment shall release the assigning  Lender from its obligations hereunder.              (e)   Borrowers authorize Lender to disclose to any Purchasing Lender and any  prospective Purchasing Lender any and all financial information in Lender s possession  concerning Borrowers which has been delivered to Lender by or on behalf of Borrowers pursuant  to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or in connection with Lender s credit evaluation  of Loan Parties, subject, however, to the provisions on confidentiality set forth in Section 16.18.        16.5 Application of Payments. Lender shall have the continuing and exclusive right to  apply or reverse and re-apply any payment and any and all proceeds of Collateral to any portion  of the Obligations. To the extent that any Borrower makes a pa3mient or Lender receives any  payment or proceeds of the Collateral for any Borrower s benefit which are subsequently  invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a  trustee, debtor in possession, receiver, custodian or any other party under any bankruptcy law,  common law or equitable cause, then, to such extent, the Obligations or part thereof intended to  be satisfied shall be revived and continue as if such payment or proceeds had not been received  by Lender.        16.6 Indemnity. Each Borrower shall indemnify each Lender Party, and each of its  respective officers, directors. Affiliates, employees and agents from and against any and all  liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and  disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, fees and  disbursements of counsel) which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such  Lender Party in any litigation, proceeding or investigation instituted or conducted by any  Governmental Body or instrumentality or any other Person with respect to any aspect of, or any  transaction contemplated by, or referred to in, or any matter related to, this Agreement or the  other Credit Documents, whether or not such Lender Party is a party thereto, except to the extent  that any of the foregoing arises out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the party  being indemnified.        16.7  Notice. Any notice or request hereunder may be given to any Borrower or to  Lender at their respective addresses set forth below or at such other address as may hereafter be  specified in a notice designated as a notice of change of address under this Section. Any notice  or request hereunder may be given by (a) personal delivery, (b) recognized overnight courier, or  (c) certified mail, return receipt requested. Any notice or other communication required or  permitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed given (a) when personally delivered to any  officer of the party to whom it is addressed, (b) on the earlier of actual receipt thereof or five (5)  Business Days following posting thereof by certified mail, return receipt requested postage  prepaid, or (c) upon actual receipt thereof when sent by a recognized overnight delivery service,  in each case, addressed to each party at its address set forth below or at such other address as has  been furnished in writing by a party to the other by like notice:              (a)   If to Lender at:                    Webster Business Credit Corporation                    360 Lexington Avenue                                        - 73 -  

New York, New York 10017                     Attention: Account Executive                     with a copy to:                     Emmet, Marvin   Martin, LLP                     120 Broadway                     New York, New York 10271                     Attention: Eric M. Reuben, Esq.               (b)   If to Borrowing Representative or any Loan Party, at:                     Ms. Bonnie J. Brown, CPA                     Chief Accounting Officer                     Tecogen Inc.                    45 First Avenue                     Waltham, MA 02451                     with a copy to:                     John K. Whiting IV                     General Counsel                    Tecogen Inc.                   45 First Avenue                    Waltham, MA 02451         16.8 Survival. The obligations of Borrowers under Sections 3.10. 3.11. 3.12. 3.14.  3-15, 6.8(h), 16.6 and 16.10. together with any other Section, terms or provisions hereof which  by its tenn so provides, shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the other Credit  Documents and payment in full of the Obligations.        16.9  Severability. If any part of this Agreement is contrary to, prohibited by, or  deemed invalid under applicable laws or regulations, such provision shall be inapplicable and  deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall  not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible.        16.10 Expenses. Borrowers agree to pay on demand all costs, fees, and expenses  including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements, incurred by any  Lender Party under, pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit  Document, including, without limitation, any such costs, fees or expenses incurred in respect of  the following: (a) all efforts made to enforce payment of any Obligations or effect collection of  any Collateral, or (b) entering into, or the modification, amendment, administration and  enforcement of, this Agreement and the other Credit Documents or any consents or waivers  hereunder and all related agreements, documents and instruments, or (c) inspection of  Borrowers  books and records or any Collateral, including field audits, or (d) any physical  inventory or any appraisal of any Collateral, or (e) instituting, maintaining, preserving,  collecting, liquidating, evaluating, storing, safeguarding, enforcing or foreclosing on Lender s                                       -74-  

security interest in or Lien on any of the Collateral, whether through judicial proceedings or  otherwise, or (f) defending or prosecuting any actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to  any Lender Party s transactions with any Borrower, or (g) advice given to any Lender Party with  respect to its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, whether  by legal counsel, accountants, consultants retained for such purpose or otherwise. Any and all  amounts due under this Section shall bear interest at the Default Rate until paid in full, shall be  part of the Obligations, and shall be secured by the Collateral.        16.11 Right to Cure. Lender may, in its Permitted Discretion, (a) if not cured by a  Borrower within the applicable grace or cure period, if any, cure any default by any Borrower  under any Material Agreement that affects the Collateral, its value or the ability of Lender to  collect, sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral or the rights and remedies of Lender therein or  the ability of any Borrower to perfonn its obligations hereunder or under any of the other Credit  Documents, (b) pay or bond on appeal any judgment entered against any Borrower, (c) discharge  any Charges, Liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied on or existing  with respect to the Collateral and (d) pay any amount, incur any expense or perform any act  which Lender, in its Permitted Discretion, determines is necessary or appropriate to preserve,  protect, insure or maintain the Collateral and the rights of Lender with respect thereto. Lender  may add any amounts so expended to the Obligations and charge Borrowers  Account therefor,  such amounts to be repayable by Borrowers on demand, shall bear interest at the Default Rate  until paid in full, shall be part of the Obligations, and shall be secured by the Collateral. Lender  shall be under no obligation to effect such cure, payment or bonding and shall not, by doing so,  be deemed to have assumed any obligation or liability of any Borrower. Any payment made or  other action taken by Lender under this Section shall be without prejudice to any right to assert  an Event of Default and to proceed accordingly.        16.12 Injunctive Relief. Each Borrower recognizes that, in the event any Borrower fails  to perform, observe or discharge any of its obligations or liabilities under this Agreement, any  remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to Lender and, therefore. Lender, if Lender so  requests, may be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without  the necessity of proving that actual damages are not an adequate remedy.        16.13 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. NO LENDER PARTY, NOR ANY AGENT  OR ATTORNEY FOR ANY OF THEM, SHALL BE LIABLE TO ANY LOAN PARTY FOR  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT  OR OTHER WRONG RELATING TO THE ESTABLISHMENT, ADMINISTRATION OR  COLLECTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTION.        16.14 Third Party Beneficiaries. No Person is intended to be, or shall be permitted,  presumed or construed to be, a third party beneficiary of this Agreement or any other Credit  Document.        16.15 Captions. The captions at various places in this Agreement and in any other  Credit Doeument are intended for convenience only and do not constitute and shall not be  interpreted as part of this Agreement or any other Credit Document.                                        -75-  

16.16 Counterparts; Signatures. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents may  be executed in any number of separate counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate  counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such  counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of a counterpart hereto or to  any other Credit Document by facsimile transmission or by Electronic Transmission of an Adobe  portable document format file (also known as a  PDF file ) shall be as effective as delivery of an  original counterpart hereto.        16.17 Construction. The parties acknowledge that each party and its counsel have  reviewed this Agreement and each other Credit Document and that the nonnal rule of  construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall  not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement and each other Credit Document or any  amendments, schedules or exhibits thereto.        16.18 Confidentiality. Lender and each Purchasing Lender shall hold all non-public  information obtained by Lender, or any Lender Party pursuant to the requirements of this  Agreement and each other Credit Document, in accordance with each Lender Party s customary  procedures for handling confidential information of this nature; provided, however, each Lender  Party may disclose such confidential information (a) to its examiners, affiliates, outside auditors,  counsel and other professional advisors, (b) to any other prospective Purchasing Lender, bound  by a similar confidentiality standard, and (c) as required or requested by any Governmental Body  or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process, including, without limitation, in the course  of any regulatory examination of such Lender Party; provided, further that (i) unless specifically  prohibited by applicable law or court order, each Lender Party shall use its best efforts prior to  disclosure thereof, to notify Borrowing Representative of the applicable request for disclosure of  such non-public information (A) by a prospective Purchasing Lender, (B) by a Governmental  Body or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with a regulatory  examination) or (C) pursuant to legal process and (ii) in no event shall any Lender Party be  obligated to return any materials furnished by any Borrower other than the Notes and those  documents and instruments (if any) in possession of Lender in order to perfect its Lien on the  Collateral once the Obligations have been paid in full and this Agreement has been terminated.        16.19 Publicity. Each Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender Party to make  appropriate announcements of the financial arrangement contemplated hereunder, including,  without limitation, announcements which are commonly known as  tombstones,  in such  publications and to such selected parties as each Lender Party shall in its sole and absolute  discretion deem appropriate. Without limiting the foregoing. Borrowers authorize each Lender  Party to utilize any logo or other distinctive symbol associated with Borrowers in connection  with any such announcement or any other promotion, advertising or marketing undertaken by  each Lender Party. In no event, however, shall any Borrower use the name of any Lender Party,  or any logo or distinctive s3nnbol associated with any of them, unless, as appropriate, such  Lender Party has given its prior written consent thereto, or as required in connection with any  required regulatory disclosures.        16.20 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties  of each Borrower contained in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall be true at  the time of such Borrower s execution of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, and                                       -76-  

shall survive the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof by the parties thereto and the closing  of the transactions described therein or related thereto.         16.21 Certain Matters of Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires, (a) the  tenns  herein ,  hereof  and  hereunder  and other words of similar import refer to this  Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision; (b) terms used  herein in the singular also include the plural and vice versa; (c) all references to statutes and  related regulations shall include any amendments of same and any successor statutes and  regulations; (d) all references to any instruments or agreements to which Lender is a party,  including, without limitation, references to any of the Credit Documents, shall include any and  all modifications or amendments thereto and any and all extensions or renewals thereof;  (e) references herein or in any other Credit Document to any actions being taken (or omitted to  be taken) by any Lender Party after an Event of Default shall be presumed to mean, unless  otherwise expressly provided, while such Event of Default is continuing; (f) any pronoun shall  include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms; (g) the words  include,    includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation  (h) the word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall  (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be  construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time  amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,  supplements or modifications set forth herein); (j) any reference herein to any Person shall be  eonstrued to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on such  assignments set forth herein); (k) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and   Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Section of, and Exhibits and Schedules to,  this Agreement (unless otherwise specified); and (1) the words  asset  and  property  shall be  construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible  assets and properties, including cash. Securities, accounts and contract rights.         16.22 Destruction of Invoices. Borrowing Representative hereby authorizes and directs  Lender in accordance with its standard document retention policies in such regards to destroy all  invoices, agings, inventory reports, financial statements and other data provided from time to  time by Loan Parties to Lender pursuant hereto.         16.23 Time. Time is of the essence in this Agreement and each other Credit Doeument.  Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein and in any other Credit Doeuments to  time shall mean and refer to New York time.         16.24 Patriot Act. Federal law presently requires Lender to obtain, verify and record  information that identifies each Person that opens an account or applies for a loan or lease. Loan  Parties agree to cooperate with Lender in maintaining compliance with such law on an ongoing  basis.         16.25 No Tax Advice. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that, with  respect to all tax and accounting matters relating to this Agreement, the other Credit Documents,  or the transactions contemplated herein and therein, it has not relied on any representations  made, consultation provided by, or advice given or rendered by any Lender Party or any of its                                        -77-  

representatives, agents, or employees; and, instead, each Borrower has sought, and relied upon,   the advice of its own tax and accounting professionals with respect to all such matters.         16.26 Completion of Blanks. If this Agreement or any other Credit Document contains   any blank spaces, such as for dates or amounts. Borrowers hereby authorize Lender to complete   any such blank spaces according to the tenns upon which the transactions contemplated hereby   or thereby were contemplated.         16.27 Exculpation of Lender. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to constitute   Lender as any Borrower s agent for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall Lender be responsible or   liable for any shortage, discrepancy, damage, loss or destruction of any part of the Collateral   wherever the same may be located and regardless of the cause thereof Lender shall not, whether  by anything herein or in any assignment or otherwise, assume any Borrower s obligations under   any contract or agreement assigned to Lender, and Lender shall not be responsible in any way for   the performance by any Borrower of any of the terms and conditions thereof         16.28 Electronic Transmission. Subject to the provisions of this Section, each of   Borrowers, Lender and the other Lender Parties is authorized (but not required) to transmit, post   or otherwise make or communicate, in its sole discretion. Electronic Transmissions in connection   herewith and the transactions contemplated herein. Each of Borrowers hereby acknowledges and   agrees that the use of Electronic Transmissions is not necessarily secure and that there are risks   associated with such use, including risks of interception, disclosure and abuse and each indicates   it assumes and accepts such risks by hereby authorizing the transmission of Electronic   Transmissions. All uses of an E-System shall be governed by and subject to, in addition to the   terms and conditions of this Agreement, separate terms and conditions posted or referenced in   such E-System and related contractual obligations executed by Borrowers or the members of the   Lender Parties in connection with the use of such E-System. All E-Systems and Electronic   Transmissions shall be provided  as is  and  as available.  Neither Lender nor any other Lender   Party warrants the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any E-Systems or Electronic   Transmission, and each disclaims all liability for errors or omissions therein. No warranty of any   kind is made by Lender or any Lender Party in connection with any E-Systems or Electronic   Transmission, including any warranty or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-   infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects. Each of   Borrowers agrees that neither Lender nor any Lender Party has any responsibility for   maintaining or providing any equipment, software, services or any testing required in connection   with any Electronic Transmission or otherwise required for any E-System.                                [signature pages follow]                                         - 78 -  

Each of the parties has signed this Credit Agreement as of the day and year first above written,                                        BORROWERS:                                       TECOGENINC                                        By;      C- '                                                Benjamin Locke                                          Titfe: Chief Executive Officer                                       AMERICAN DG, ENERGY INC.                                       By;                                         Naim: Benjamin Locke                                          Title: Chief Executive Officer                                       TTCOGEN LLC                                       By:                                          --------------------------/                                          Name; Benjamin Locke                                          Title: Chief Executive Officer                                       LENDER                                       WEBSTER BUSINESS CREDIT                                       CORPORATION                                       By:,                                         Name: Steven M, Schuit                                          Title; Vice President                                    [Credit Agreement]  

Each of the parties has signed this Credit Agreement as of the day and year first above v Titteii.                                      BORROWERS;                                     TECOGEN INC.                                     By:                                       Name: Benjamin Locke                                        Title: Chief Executive Officer                                     AMEILICAN DG energy INC.                                      By:                                       Name: Benjamin Locke                                        Title: Chief Executive Officer                                      TTCOGEN LLC                                      By:                                       Name: Benjamin Locke                                        Title: Chief Executive Officer                                      LENDER                                      WEBSTER BUSINESS CREDIT                                      CORPORATION                                      By: /Sf A                                        Name: Steven M. Schuit                                         Title; Vice President                                   [Credit Agreement]  

EXHIBIT 1.3                          BORROWER ADDENDUM  BORROWER ADDENDUM,, dated as of                 , made by [        J (the  New Borrower ) and Tecogen Inc. (the  Bon'owing Representative ) under the Credit  Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2018, among the Borrowing Representative, American  DG Energy Inc., TTCogen EEC and Webster Business Credit Corporation (the  Eender )  (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,  the  Credit Agreement ). A.    Capitalized ternis used herein that are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have  the meanings therein defined. B.    The Borrowing Representative desires to designate the New Borrower as a  Borrower pursuant to Section 15.1 of the Credit Agreement and the New Borrower,  desires to become a Borrower pursuant thereto. Accordingly, the Borrowing Representative and the New Borrower agree as follows:             1.    Each of the Borrowing Representative and the New Borrower  represents that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.             2.    Each of the Borrowing Representative and the New Borrower  represents that the New Borrower is a Subsidiary of a Borrower.             3.    Pursuant to Section 15.1 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrowing  Representative hereby designates the New Borrower as a Borrower under the Credit  Agreement and the New Borrower agrees that upon the acceptance hereof by the New  Borrower, the New Borrower shall be, and shall be deemed to be, a  Borrower  under,  and as such tenn is defined in, the Credit Agreement with the same force and effect as if  originally named therein as a Borrower and the New Borrower shall have made, and shall  be deemed to have made, the representations and warranties as to itself contained in  Section 5 of the Credit Agreement.             4.    Attached hereto is (a) a certificate, dated the date hereof, of the  Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the New Borrower in the form of, and with  substantially the same attachments as, the certificate which would have been required  under Section 10.1(c) of the Credit Agreement if such Subsidiary had become a party  hereto on the Closing Date, and (b) an opinion of counsel to the New Borrower in all  respects reasonably satisfactory to the Eender.              5.    By signing below, the Eender consent to this Borrower Addendum.             6.    This Borrower Addendum shall be governed by, and construed and  interpreted in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard  to principles of conflict of laws, but including Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations  Eaw.                                     - 80-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Borrower Addendum has been executed and  delivered as of the day and year first above written.                                          TECOGEN INC.                                           By:                                          Name:                                          Title:     NEW BORROWER [TBD]                                           By:                                          Name:                                          Title:   CONSENTED TO:  WEBSTER BUSINESS CREDIT CORPORATION,  By: Name: Title:   7501865_10.docx 6275.488  

EXHIBIT 2.1                             REVOLVING NOTE  $10,000,000.00                                                May 4, 2018                                                        New York, New York        FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, TECOGEN INC., a Delaware  corporation ( Tecogen ) and AMERICAN DG ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation  {''ADGE ) and TTCOGEN LLC, a Delaware limited liability company {''TTCogerf', and  collectively with Tecogen and ADGE, the ^'Borrowers '), hereby jointly and severally  promise to pay to the order of WEBSTER BUSINESS CREDIT CORPORATION, a  New York corporation ( WBCC ), individually, as lender hereunder and, collectively, as  agent for itself and each other Lender Party (as defined in the Credit Agreement, as  hereinafter defined) (WBCC, acting in both such capacities, herein called  Lender ) TEN  MILLION and 00/100 DOLLARS ($10,000,000.00) or the aggregate unpaid principal  amount of all Revolving Advances made to the Borrowers by the Lender pursuant to the  Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2018, by and among the Borrowers and the Lender  (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,  the  Credit Agreement ) and outstanding on the Revolving Maturity Date, whichever is  less, and to pay interest from the date hereof on the principal balance of such Revolving  Advances from time to time outstanding at the rate or rates and at the times set forth in  the Credit Agreement, in each case at the office of the Lender located at 360 Lexington  Avenue, Fifth Floor, New York, New York 10017, or at such other place as the Lender  may specify from time to time, in lawful money of the United States of America in  immediately available funds. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein  with the same meanings.        The Borrowers jointly and severally promise to pay interest, payable on demand,  on any overdue principal from the due dates of such amounts until paid at the default rate  set forth in Section 3.1(b) of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement provides for  the acceleration of the maturity of prineipal upon the occurrence of certain Events of  Default and for prepayments on the terms and conditions specified in the Credit  Agreement.        The Revolving Advances evidenced by this Revolving Note are prepayable in the  amounts, and under the circumstances, and their respeetive maturities are subject to  acceleration upon the terms, set forth in the Credit Agreement. This Revolving Note is  subject to, and should be construed in accordance with, the provisions of the Credit  Agreement and is entitled to the benefits and security set forth in the Credit Documents.        The Lender is hereby authorized to record on the schedule annexed hereto, and  any continuation sheets which the Lender may attach hereto, (a) the date of each  Revolving Advance made by the Lender, (b) the type and amount thereof, (c) the interest                                     82  

rate (without regard to the Applicable Margin) and Interest Period applicable to each   LIBOR Rate Loan and (d) the date and amount of each conversion of, and each payment   or prepa3anent of the principal of, any such Revolving Advance. The entries made in   such schedule shall be, absent manifest error, prima facie evidence of the existence and   amounts of the obligations recorded therein, provided that the failure to so record or any   error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Borrowers to repay the   Revolving Advances evidenced by this Revolving Note in accordanee with the tenns of   the Credit Agreement.         Exeept as specifically otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, the Borrowers   hereby waive presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest and all   other demands, protests and notices in connection with the execution, delivery,   perfonnance, colleetion and enforcement of this Revolving Note.         The Borrowers waive any right to claim or interpose any counterclaim (other than   mandatory or compulsory counterclaims) or set-off of any kind in any litigation relating   to this Revolving Note or the transactions contemplated hereby.         This Revolving Note is secured pursuant to, and is entitled to the benefits of, the   Security Agreement and the other Credit Documents and may not be amended, and   compliance with its tenns may not be waived, orally or by eourse of dealing, but only by   a writing signed by an authorized officer of the Lender and the Borrowers.         This Revolving Note may only be assigned by the Lender in accordance with the   provisions of Section 16.4 of the Credit Agreement and its benefits shall inure to the   successors, and pennitted indorsees and assigns of the Lender.         THE PROVISIONS OF THIS REVOLVING NOTE SHALL BE   CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED, AND ALL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS   HEREUNDER DETERMINED, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE   STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF   CONFLICTS OF LAW.         THE BORROWERS AND THE LENDER (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF   THIS REVOLVING NOTE) WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY   WAY CONNECTED TO THIS REVOLVING NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS   CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.                      [remainder ofpage  intentionally left blank]                                       83  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrowers have duly executed this Revolving  Note the day and year first above written.                                       TECOGENINC.                                      By:                                        Name: Benjamin Locke                                         Title: Chief Executive Officer                                       AMERICAN DG ENERGY INC.                                      By:                                        Name: Benjamin Locke                                         Title: Chief Executive Officer                                      TTCOGEN LLC                                      By:                                        Name: Benjamin Locke                                         Title: Chief Executive Officer                        [Signature Page to Revolving Note]  

SCHEDULE 1.1                                  Leased Locations          Borrower              Location Address               County Tecogen Inc.              45 First Ave. Waltham, MA Middlesex                           02451 Tecogen Inc.              15 Stringham Ave. Valley  Nassua                           Stream, NY 11580 Tecogen Inc.              23785 Cabot Blvd. #307    Alameda                           Hayward, CA 94545 Tecogen Inc.              417 Bell St. Piscataway NJ, Middlesex                           08854  

SCHEDULE 1.2                                Warehouse Locations          Borrower              Location Address               County Tecogen Inc.              2 Craftsman Rd. East      Hartford                           Windsor, CT 06088-9685  

SCHEDULE 5.2                    Organizational Data and Numbers; Qualifications                        State of            Date of                       Organization        Organization  Borroweror Formation                     or Formation        Equity Interests   TECOGEN INC.                            9/15/2000Delaware   Public Corporation  AMERICAN DG   ENERGY INC.         Delaware            7/24/2001           Tecogen Inc. - 100%  TTCOGEN LLC         Delaware            5/19/16             Tecogen Inc. -100%                                                                                             %  

SCHEDULE 5.3     Federal Tax Identification Numbers                      Federal                     Tax Identification                      NumberBorrower TECOGEN INC.        04-3536131 AMERICAN DG  ENERGY INC.         04-3569304 TTCOGEN LLC         81-2761848  

SCHEDULE 5.5   Prior Names      None.  

SCHEDULE 5.6                        OSHA and Environmental Compliance              This certificate certifies that all Borrowers are in compliance with all OSHA and  environmental standards, but Tecogen is subject to a new OSHA regulation in the state of New  York, that requires compliance by the end of August of 2018. Due to Tecogen s EMR rating,  Tecogen has an obligation to implement a new safety program for its New York Field Service  Technicians and their offices. Tecogen is in the processing of creating this safety plan and  implementing the changes. Tecogen plans to have the safety plan implemented no later than the  end of July of 2018, and will be receiving an inspection from the state of New York by the end  of August of 2018.  

SCHEDULE 5.8                                     Litigation  The Borrowers are currently involved in the current litigation:     1. Filed in the US District Court for the District of Massachusetts as Lee Vardakas, et al. v.        American DG Energy Inc. (Case No. 1:17-cv-10247).                                                                                            S                                                                                            i                                                                                            A                                                                                          '}  

SCHEDULE 5.9                                   Indebtedness  Name of Holder          Name of Maker                 Date        Amount John N. Hatsopoulos     American DG Energy Inc.       12/22/16    $850,000.00  -The above referenced Indebtedness shall be satisfied and paid in full on the Effective Date  

SCHEDULE 5.10                                    Violations  The Borrowers currently have no violations.                                                                                            i  

SCHEDULE 5.11                                 Intellectual Property                                    Tiacleniarks           Mark              Registration Number            Status Tecogen                  Reg. No. 1,308,655       Registered Tecochill                Reg. No. 2,176,670       Registered  Inverde                 Reg. No. 3,772,652       Registered  Leaf Plug Logo          Reg. No. 5,107,438       Registered  E+                      Serial No. 86-774162     Pending  Ultera                  Reg. No. 5,196,528       Registered  Ultera Emissions Control Reg. No. 5,201,585      Registered  (Logo)  Inverde e+              Serial No. 87-145922     Pending Tecopower                Serial No. 87-253875     Allo\A/ed  ILIOS                   Reg. No. 4,889,137       Registered  ILIOS (Logo)            Reg. No. 4,996,269       Registered THINK OUTSIDE THE GRID   Reg. No. 4,039,170       Registered                                      Patents                   Title                Patent Number or   Patent or Application                                     Application Number        Issue Date         Thermoelectric field burner       4773847            09/27/1988              Conveyor oven                4951648            08/28/1990    Gas fired combination convection-steam 5014679            05/14/1991                  oven        Compact cogeneration system        5033264            07/23/1991      Cooking oven with convection and     5166487             11/24/1992               microwave heating     Flow proportioning mixer for gaseous  5245977            09/21/1993          fuel and air and internal   Method for converting a diesel engine to 5315981           05/31/1994            a natural gas fueled engine     Engine driven power inverter system   7239034            07/03/2007                with cogeneration       Method for controlling internal     7243017            07/10/2007               combustion  

Assembly and method for reducing     8578704             11/12/2013  nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide and   hydrocarbons in exhausts of internal              combustion engines   Assembly and method for reducing     9121326             09/01/2015  nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide and   hydrocarbons in exhausts of internal              combustion engines   Assembly and method for reducing     9470126             11/18/2016     ammonia in exhaust of internal             combustion engines   Assembly and method for reducing     9631534             04/25/2017   nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide,    hydrocarbons and hydrogen gas in  exhausts of internal combustion engines    and producing an electrical output  Internal combustion engine controller 9702306             07/11/2017   Systems and methods for reducing     9856767             01/02/2018  emissions in exhaust of vehicles and             producing electricity  Poison-Resistant Catalyst and Systems 15/079938           03/24/2016               Containing Same Emissions Control Systems and Methods 15/090032            04/04/2016            for Vehicles  NO.sub.X reduction by sulfur tolerant 5147516             11/15/1992 coronal-catalytic apparatus and method  NO.sub.x reduction by sulfur tolerant 5240575             08/31/1993 coronal-catalytic apparatus and method Steam atmosphere drying exhaust steam  5291668             03/08/1994            recompression system   Microwave enhanced deep fat fryer    5333539             08/02/1994  Microwave enhanced deep fat fryer     5363749             11/15/1994  

SCHEDULE 5.24   Real Property       None.  

SCHEDULE 5.25                                  Deposit Accounts          Bank Name                  Account Name               Account Type Enterprise Bank   Trust Co. Tecogen Operating*           Checking                           Tecogen Money Market*          Saving                           American DG Operating**        Checking                           American DG Money Market**     Saving                           TTcogen Operating*             Checking Citizens Bank             American DG Operating*         Checking  *Accounts to be closed out and moved to Webster Bank, N.A,  ** Accounts to remain at Enterprise Bank   Trust Co.  

SCHEDULE 7.2                                 Excluded Equipment       ADGE Site Name             Number of Units                State Carleton-Willard                       1             MA Club Fit                              2              NY Cumberland County Jail                2              ME Doral Arrowwood                       3              NY Doral Chillers                        2              NY Doubletree Tarrytown                  2              NY Forest Hills                          1              NY Green Hill Retirement                 1              NJ Greenwich YMCA                        1              CT Holliswood                            2              NY Indigo/Holiday Inn                    1              MA JCC Mid-Westchester                   1              NY Linden Plaza                          5              NY North Hill                            1              MA Prospect Park Care                    1              NY Sherrill House                        1              MA St. Elizabeth                         1              RI Stevens Babbio Center                 1              NJ Stevens Babbio Chiller                2              NJ Stevens Chemistry                     2              NJ Stevens Central Plant                 1              NJ Stevens Howe Center                   2              NJ Stevens Howe Center Chiller           2              NJ Stevens Library                       1              NJ Stevens McLean Chiller                1              NJ Stevens Schaefer Gym                  1              NJ Chiller Tracey Towers                         6              NY West Village LLP                      1              CT  

</EX-10.45>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tgn-20180630xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  TECOGEN INC. 
  CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Benjamin M. Locke, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tecogen Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   August 14, 2018    
    
  /s/ Benjamin M. Locke 
  Benjamin M. Locke 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tgn-20180630xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  TECOGEN INC. 
  CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Bonnie J. Brown, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tecogen Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   August 14, 2018    
    
  /s/ Bonnie J. Brown       
  Bonnie J. Brown 
  Principal Financial   Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tgn-20180630xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  TECOGEN INC. 
  CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(b) and 15d-14(b), 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  Each of, Benjamin M. Locke, Chief Executive Officer, and Bonnie J. Brown, Chief Accounting Officer, of Tecogen Inc., or the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code that, to his knowledge: 
    
            2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:   August 14, 2018    
    
  /s/ Benjamin M. Locke 
  Benjamin M. Locke 
  Chief Executive Officer 
    
  /s/ Bonnie J. Brown       
  Bonnie J. Brown 
  Principal Financial   Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tgen-20180630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tgen-20180630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tgen-20180630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tgen-20180630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tgen-20180630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tgen-20180630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

