ND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018  

OR  

Commission File No. 000-55825  

WATER NOW, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (817) 900-9184  

 Not applicable 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.        Yes  
    No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     
  No      

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company,  and  emerging growth company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company       

Emerging growth company      

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes   
 No       

At
August 10, 2018, there were 33,080,616   shares outstanding of Common Stock, no par value  .  

i       

IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THIS FORM
10-Q  

Unless otherwise indicated, references to  we, 
 us,  and  our  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Report ) refer collectively to Water
Now, Inc., a Texas corporation ( Water Now ). 

Readers should consider the following information
as they review this Report: 

Forward-Looking Statements  

There
are statements in  this Report  that are not historical facts. These
 forward-looking statements  can be identified by use of terminology suggesting a belief in future performance
and similar expressions. You should be aware that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that are beyond our control. For a discussion of these risks, you should read this entire Report carefully, as well as the
Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Although management believes
that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements included in this Report are reasonable, they do not guarantee
our future performance, and actual results could differ from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. The
assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking statements represent estimates of future events and are subject to
uncertainty as to possible changes in economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances. As a result, the
identification and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from
and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur, the
outcome may vary substantially from anticipated or projected results, and, accordingly, no opinion is expressed on the
achievability of those forward-looking statements. In the light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance
that the results and events contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in  this Report  will
in fact transpire. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
their respective dates. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  

Document Summaries  

Descriptions of documents and agreements contained
in this Report are provided in summary form only, and such summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual
documents and agreements filed as exhibits to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 13, 2017, other periodic and
current reports we have filed with the SEC or this Report. 

Access to Filings  

Access to our reports and amendments thereto,
filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as reports filed electronically pursuant
to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, may be obtained through our website (http:// www.waternowinc.com)  as soon as reasonably
practicable after we have filed or furnished such material with the SEC. The contents of our website are not, and shall not
be deemed to be, incorporated into this Report. 

ii       

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Page  No.   

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2018 (unaudited) and December 31, 2017 
     4  

Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017  
     5  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 
     6  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 
     7  
 
     Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     15  
 
     Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     24  
 
     Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     25  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     26  
 
     Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     26  

Signatures 
       
     27  
 
     Index to Exhibits 
     28  

iii       

PART I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements.   

Water Now,
Inc.   

   Condensed
Balance Sheets    

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

Water Now, Inc.  

  Condensed Statement of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

Water Now,
Inc.   

   Condensed
Statement of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

Water Now,
Inc.   

   Notes to Condensed
Financial Statements (unaudited)   

   June
30, 2018   

1.
Basis of presentation, Background and Description of Business   

Basis
of presentation   

The
accompanying unaudited financial statements of Water Now, Inc. (the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with
the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including the instructions to Regulation S-X.
Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America have been  omitted from these statements pursuant to such rules and regulations
and, accordingly, they do not include all the information and notes necessary for comprehensive financial statements and should
be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2017.  

In the
opinion of the management of the Company, all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary for a fair statement
of the results for the three-month period have been made. Results for the interim period presented are not necessarily indicative
of the results that might be expected for the entire fiscal year. When used in these notes, the terms  Company ,  we ,
 us  or  our  mean Water Now, Inc.  

Background
and Description of Business   

On September
27, 2016, we consummated a transaction whereby VCAB One Corporation, a Texas corporation ( VCAB ), merged with and
into us. At the time of the merger VCAB was subject to a bankruptcy proceeding and had minimal assets, no equity owners and no
liabilities, except for approximately 1,500 holders of Class 5 Allowed General Unsecured Claims and a holder of allowed administrative
expenses (collectively,  Claim Holders ). Pursuant to the terms of the merger, and in accordance with the bankruptcy
plan, we issued an aggregate of 703,808 shares of our common stock (the  Plan Shares ) to the Claim Holders whose
claims had been approved as of the time of issuance as full settlement and satisfaction of their respective claims. As provided
in the confirmed bankruptcy plan, the Plan Shares were issued pursuant to Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. An
additional 196,192 Plan Shares are held in reserve in the Company s treasury for issuance to Claim Holders whose claims
have yet to be either approved or denied by the court. The treasury shares will be issued once a Claim Holder s claim has
been approved or disapproved. If disapproved the shares will be distributed to approved Claim Holders on a pro rata basis. As a
result of the merger, the separate corporate existence of VCAB was terminated. We entered into the merger in order to increase
our shareholder base in order to, among other things, assist us in satisfying the listing standards of a national securities exchange.
The Company recorded total restructuring expenses of $615,000, including $165,000 of consulting fees in cash and $450,000 for
the issuance of the Plan Shares for settlement of claims held by the Claim Holders.  

2.
Going Concern   

At June
30, 2018, the Company had approximately $64,000 in cash and had a net working capital deficit of approximately $493,000. The
Company, which generated  net losses of approximately $1,791,000 and $403,000 for the six-months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017,
respectively, may not have sufficient cash to fund its current and future operations. There is no assurance that future
operations will result in profitability. No assurance can be given that management will be successful in its efforts to raise
additional capital from present or future shareholders. The failure to raise additional capital needed to achieve its
business plans will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and
ability to continue as a going concern.  

3.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Cash
and Cash Equivalents    

Cash
and cash equivalents consist primarily of deposit accounts with original maturities of three months or less.  

Inventory   

Inventory includes
manufacturing parts and work in process for the Company s water purification equipment. Inventories are carried at the lower
of cost (on a first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) basis), or net realizable value.  

Use
of Accounting Estimates   

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and accompanying notes.  

Actual
results could differ from those estimates. The most significant estimates and assumptions made by management related to determining
the value of stock-based expenses.   

Revenue   

The
Company had a reversal of a sale totaling $116,880 during the three months ended June 30, 2018  due to the customer notifying the Company that it would not take possession of the goods because
of customs related issues.     

Income
Taxes   

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
for a change in tax rate is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts more likely than not to be realized.  

The
Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 740-10,   Income Taxes  . ASC
740-10 provides several clarifications related to uncertain tax positions. Most notably, a  more likely-than-not 
standard for initial recognition of tax positions, a presumption of audit detection and a measurement of recognized tax
benefits based on the largest amount that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of realization. ASC 740-10 applies a
two-step process to determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. First, the Company must
determine whether any amount of the tax benefit may be recognized. Second, the Company determines how much of the tax benefit
should be recognized (this would only apply to tax positions that qualify for recognition). No additional liabilities have
been recognized as a result of the implementation. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized any penalty, interest or tax
impact related to uncertain tax positions.  

Stock-Based
Expenses    

The
Company accounts for stock-based expenses under the provisions of ASC 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation  ,
which requires the measurement and recognition of expense for stock-based awards made to employees and directors based on estimated
fair values on the grant date. The stock-based compensation awards to employees, directors and non-employees during the six months
ended June 30, 2018 consisted of the grants of restricted stock. The restrictions on the shares granted related to regulatory
restrictions as well as service and milestone based restrictions that prevented the sale of the stock granted. The value of the
portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the shorter of the period over which services
are to be received or the vesting period.  

The
Company accounts for stock-based expenses awards to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50,   Equity-Based Payments
to Non-Employees  . In accordance with ASC 505-50, the Company determines the fair value of stock-based expenses awards
granted as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is
more reliably measurable.  

The
Company estimated the fair value of stock-based awards issued to employees, directors and non-employees during the six months
ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 based on prices paid by unrelated third-parties for the purchases of its common stock during this
period, which amounted to $0.50 per share.  

The
components of stock-based compensation related to stock awards in the Company s Statements of Operations for the three months
ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, and for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 are as follows (rounded to nearest thousand):  

Research
and development costs   

The
Company expenses research and development costs as incurred in accordance with ASC 730,   Research and Development  .
The Company s research and development activities related to activities undertaken to adapt the water purification technology
contributed by its founder for commercial-scale manufacturing and to develop new products. Research and development expenses were
$228,183 and $186,372, for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Research and development expenses were
$492,394 and $283,067, for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share   

Basic
earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock
and common stock equivalents such as outstanding stock options and warrants. Common stock equivalents represent the dilutive effect
of the assumed exercise of the outstanding stock options and warrants, using the treasury stock method. The calculation of fully
diluted earnings (loss) per share assumes the dilutive effect of the exercise of outstanding options and warrants at either the
beginning of the respective period presented or the date of issuance, whichever is later.  

Recently
Accounting Pronouncements   

Going
Concern   In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-15     Presentation
of Financial Statements   Going Concern   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern ,  which requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain
disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The
updated accounting guidance was effective for the Company on December 31, 2016. We have implemented this new accounting standard
and we will update our liquidity disclosures as necessary.  

Revenue
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which outlines a
single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 is
effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The implementation of this standard did not have a material
impact on the Company s accompanying financial statements.  

Leases
   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  . This standard will require entities that
lease assets referred to as  lessees  to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for
the rights and obligations created by those leases. The accounting by entities that own the assets leased by the lessee also
known as lessor accounting will remain largely unchanged from current GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018. Modified retrospective application is required, with optional practical expedients available.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance.  

Debt
Issuance Costs -  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  .
The new standard will more closely align the presentation of debt issuance costs under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
with the presentation under comparable IFRS standards. Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability will be presented
on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts. The cost of
issuing debt will no longer be recorded as a separate asset, except when incurred before receipt of the funding from the associated
debt liability. Under current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, debt issuance costs are reported on the balance sheet
as assets and amortized as interest expense. The costs will continue to be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest
method. Subsequent to the issuance of ASU 2015-03 the Securities and Exchange Commission staff made an announcement regarding
the presentation of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements, which was codified by the FASB in ASU 2015-15.
This guidance, which clarifies the exclusion of line-of-credit arrangements from the scope of ASU 2015-03, is effective upon adoption
of ASU 2015-03. ASU 2015-03 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. The implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s
accompanying financial statements.  

Stock
Compensation  - In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which will simplify the income tax consequences,
accounting for forfeitures and classification on the Statement of Cash Flows of (i) excess tax benefits to be classified as
cash inflows provided by operating activities, and (ii) cash paid to taxing authorities arising from the withholding of
shares from employees be classified as cash outflows used in financing activities. This standard is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The
implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s accompanying financial
statements.  

Statement
of Cash Flows    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic
230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force  .
ASU 2016-15 clarifies how certain cash receipts and payments should be presented in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The
implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s accompanying financial statements.  

4.
Notes Payable   Stockholder   

The
Company borrowed $112,000 from a shareholder on November 2, 2017. The note bears interest at 12% and is payable monthly
interest-only through April 30, 2019, at which time the entire amount of principal and any accrued interest is due and
payable. The note is collateralized by all equipment owned by the Company and is guaranteed by the Company s chief
executive officer. The interest expense incurred on this note was $6,720 and $0, for the six months ended June 30, 2018
and 2017, respectively.  

The
Company borrowed $187,500 from three shareholders on June 18, 2018. The notes bear interest at 10% and are payable in one lump
sum on June 18, 2019, at which time the entire amount of principal and accrued interest is due and payable. The notes are unsecured.
The interest expenses incurred on these notes was approximately $600 and $0, for the six months ended June 30, 2018
and 2017, respectively. The Company s chief executive officer has guaranteed these notes.  

5.
Advances From Related Party   

The
Company has received non-interest bearing advances without a specified maturity date from a stockholder of the Company. The Company
owed approximately $18,000 and $32,000, respectively, at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 to the stockholder.  

6.
Equity Transactions    

From
January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017, the Company issued 2,922,000 shares to investors for cash, with total
proceeds of $1,436,030.  

The
Company also issued 200,000 shares to shareholders to convert certain  convertible notes amounting to $100,000 in August
2017.  

From
July 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017, the Company issued 1,230,350 shares to executives, employees working in research and development and consultants. The value of these shares at $0.50 per share was $615,175. In addition, there were 600,000 shares
of common stock issued in 2016 which vested in January, 2017.  

In May
2017 and September 2017, the Company s principal shareholder surrendered an aggregate of 2,779,850 shares of common stock
to the Company, which were recorded as treasury stock with a $0 value. All surrendered shares were used to issue stock by the
Company during the year.   

From January
1, 2018 to March 31, 2018, the Company issued 1,656,000 shares to investors at $0.50 per share for cash, with total proceeds of
$828,000.  In addition, the Company issued 610,000 shares to executives, employees
working in research and development and consultants. The value of these shares at $0.50 per share was $305,000.  

From April 1,
2018 to June 30, 2018, the Company issued 625,000 shares to investors at $0.50 per share for cash, with total proceeds of $312,500.
In addition, the Company issued 770,000 shares to executives, employees working in research and development and
consultants. The value of these shares at $0.50 per share was $385,000. Also see Note 7 regarding shares returned during June
2018 as a result of a lawsuit settlement.  

7.
Commitments and Contingencies    

Lease Commitments

Operating
Leases   Rental Property   

On September
11, 2017, the Company signed a lease agreement with Peleton Properties LLC which commenced on October 15, 2017. The lease is for
a term of 36.5 months ending on October 30, 2020, and requires monthly payments of approximately $9,000.  

As of June 30,
2018, future minimum lease payments to Peleton Properties LLC required under the non-cancellable operating lease are as follows
(rounded to nearest thousand):  

Contractual
Commitments   

Effective as
of May 1, 2016, the Company entered into a three-year employment agreement with the Company s President. The agreement calls
for monthly payments of $7,000 per month through April 2017 and $15,000 per month thereafter. The employment agreement also provided
for the grant of 500,000 shares of common stock, which were fully vested on January 1, 2017. The Company expensed $250,000 for
these shares during the period ended December 31, 2016 in accordance with ASC 718. The employment agreement provides for an additional
grant of 500,000 shares of common stock subject to satisfactory employment through December 2017. These shares were issued in
September 2017. The Company expensed $250,000 for these shares during the year ended December 31, 2017 in accordance with ASC
718.  

The
Company has entered into a two-year accounting consulting services agreement with a financial consultant. The accounting
consulting services agreement provided for a grant of 100,000 shares of common stock, which fully vested at January 2, 2017.
The Company expensed $50,000 for these shares during the period ended December 31, 2016 in accordance with ASC 505-50. The
Company shall pay to the consultant 75,000 shares of common stock per each completed six months of satisfactory service. The
first installment was payable at such time as the Company generated revenue from the sale of its products. These shares were
issued in September 2017. The Company expensed $37,500 for these shares during the period ended December 31, 2016 in
accordance with ASC 718.  

We may
become involved in, or have been involved in, arbitrations or various other legal proceedings that arise from the normal course
of our business. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of these claims and other proceedings. The ultimate outcome of any litigation
is uncertain, and either unfavorable or favorable outcomes could have a material negative impact on our results of operations,
balance sheets and cash flows due to defense costs, and divert management resources. Currently, except as set forth below, we
are not involved in any arbitration and/or other legal proceeding that could have a material effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

We accrue
for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
Significant judgement is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether a loss is reasonably
estimable. In addition, in the event we determine that a loss is not probable, but is reasonably possible, and it becomes possible
to develop what we believe to be a reasonable range of possible loss, then we will include disclosure related to such a matter
as appropriate and in compliance with ASC 450. The accruals or estimates, if any, are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted
to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining
to a particular matter. To the extent there is a reasonable possibility that the losses could exceed the amounts already accrued,
we will, as applicable, adjust the accrual in the period the determination is made, disclose an estimate of the additional loss
or range of loss, indicate that the estimate is immaterial to our financial statements as a whole, or, if the amount of such adjustment
cannot be reasonably estimated, disclose that an estimate cannot be made.  

Litigation   

On
May 30, 2018, the Company reached an amicable resolution by way of a settlement agreement and release (the  Settlement Agreement )
with Cloudburst Solutions, LLC ( CS ) with respect to the Manufacturing and Licensing Agreement entered into on July
1, 2016 ( Agreement ). Neither party admitted liability and each agreed to finally and forever, settle and compromise
all disputes and matters of controversy between them.  

  CS
has agreed to dismiss the lawsuit filed, fully release, acquit, and forever discharge the Company and David King from any
claims related to the Agreement, render the Agreement null and void in all respects, and to cancel 1,250,000 shares of the
Company s common stock held by CS. The Company has agreed to fully release, acquit, and
forever discharge CS from any claims related to the Agreement and has agreed that the Agreement is null and void and neither
party owes any duties or obligations thereunder. The Company has agreed to pay CS $700,000.00 in four installments. The
first payment of $150,000 was paid on June 20, 2018. The second payment of $150,000 was paid to CS within 30 days of the
first payment. The third payment of payment of $150,000 will be paid to CS within 30 days of the second payment. The final
payment of  $250,000 will be paid to CS within 30 days of the third payment. The Settlement Agreement does not
contain any admission of liability, wrongdoing, or responsibility by any of the parties.  

8.
Income Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purpose, referred to as temporary
differences. Deferred tax assets and liabilities at the end of each period are determined using the currently enacted tax rates
applied to taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be settled or realized.  

The
Company s tax provision is determined using an estimate of an annual effective tax rate adjusted for discrete items, if
any, that are taken into account in the relevant period. The 2018 and 2017 annual effective tax rate is estimated to be a combined
21% for the U.S. federal and state statutory tax rates. The Company reviews tax uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
and adjusts them accordingly. As of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, there were no tax contingencies recorded.  

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities recognized
for financial reporting, and the amounts recognized for income tax purposes.  

We had
a net operating loss carry-forward for federal and state tax purposes of approximately $5.4 million at June 30, 2018, that is
potentially available to offset future taxable income. The TCJA (Tax Cut and Jobs Act) changes the rules on NOL carryforwards.
The 20-year limitation was eliminated, giving the taxpayer the ability to carry forward losses indefinitely. However, NOL carry
forward arising after January 1, 2018, will now be limited to 80 percent of taxable income.  

For
financial reporting purposes, no deferred tax asset was recognized at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 because management
estimates that it is more likely than not that substantially all of the net operating losses will expire unused. As a result,
the amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable was reduced 100% by a valuation allowance. The change in the
valuation allowances were approximately $204,000 and $95,000    for
the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

9.
Subsequent Events   

The Company has evaluated all material
events or transactions that occurred after June 30, 2018 up to August 20, 2018, the date these financial statements were available
to be issued and noted no material subsequent events which would require disclosure.  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes.
Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such
as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth
under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and under
Forward-Looking Statements in this report. We use words such as  anticipate, 
 estimate,   plan,   project,   continuing,   ongoing, 
 expect,   believe,   intend,   may,   will, 
 should,   could,  and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements.  

Overview   

Water Now, Inc.
was incorporated in Texas on February 10, 2016 to develop and commercialize a patent-pending, gas/diesel powered, portable device
that processes and purifies contaminated water. Our business strategy was conceived as a result of the growing global water crisis.
Today, many countries and regions are experiencing acute water shortages and we believe our technology and products are capable
of generating safe drinking water from many available water sources.  

Our product
lines are designed to consist of portable units capable of providing a cost-effective, safe and efficient method of water purification.
Our products require no pre- or post-treatment of the source water, no filters, no membranes and no chemicals. The quality of
water purified by our products has been tested to meet or exceed the World Health Organization s ( WHO ) drinking
water standards.  

Financial
Overview   

Revenue

From February
10, 2016 (date of inception) through June 30, 2018, we had generated revenues of approximately $94,765. Our ability to increase
revenues will depend on the successful manufacturing and commercialization of our water purification units.  

Research
and Development Expenses     

The Company
expenses R D costs as incurred. The Company s R D efforts related to activities undertaken to adapt the water purification
technology contributed by David King for commercial-scale manufacturing and the development of multiple product offerings.  

General
and Administrative Expenses     

General and
administrative ( G A ) expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for personnel, including stock-based
compensation expense. To date, we have estimated the fair value of stock-based awards issued to employees, directors and non-employees
based on prices paid by unrelated third-parties for the purchases of our common stock. Other G A expenses include patent costs,
and professional fees for legal, finance, accounting services and a legal settlement in 2018.  

We anticipate
that our G A expenses will increase in future periods to support increases in our research and development activities and
as a result of increased headcount, expanded infrastructure, increased legal, compliance, accounting and investor and public relations
expenses associated with being a public company and increased insurance premiums, among other factors.  

Interest
Expense    

Interest expense
consists of interest incurred on borrowings.  

Significant
Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation,
impairment of financing receivables and long-lived assets, valuation of warrants, income taxes and contingencies and
litigation, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to
be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. The accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we
consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they inherently involve significant
judgments and uncertainties.  For a discussion of our significant accounting policies, refer to Note 3  
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements  in the Notes to our condensed
Financial Statements for the six months ended June 30, 2018, included in this Quarterly Report.  

Cash and
Cash Equivalents     

Cash and cash
equivalents consist primarily of deposit accounts with original maturities of three months or less.  

Inventories    

Inventory includes
manufacturing parts and work in process for the Company s water purification equipment. Inventories are carried at the lower
of cost (on a first-in, first-out ( FIFO )) basis, or net realizable value.  

Use of
Accounting Estimates    

The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The most significant
estimates and assumptions made by management related to determining the value of stock-based expenses.  

Revenue   

We
had a reversal of a sale totaling $116,880 during the three months ended June 30, 2018 due to the customer notifying us that it would not take possession of the goods because of
customs related issues.     

Income
Taxes    

Income taxes
are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
for a change in tax rate is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts more likely than not to be realized.  

We account
for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB )
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 740-10,   Income Taxes.   ASC 740-10 provides several
clarifications related to uncertain tax positions. Most notably, a  more likely-than-not  standard for initial
recognition of tax positions, a presumption of audit detection and a measurement of recognized tax benefits based on the
largest amount that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of realization. ASC 740-10 applies a two-step process to
determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. First, we must determine whether any amount
of the tax benefit may be recognized. Second, we determine how much of the tax benefit should be recognized (this would only
apply to tax positions that qualify for recognition). No additional liabilities have been recognized as a result of the
implementation. Accordingly, we have not recognized any penalty, interest or tax impact related to uncertain tax
positions.  

Stock-Based
Expenses     

We account for
stock-based expenses under the provisions of ASC 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation  , which requires
the measurement and recognition of expense for stock-based awards made to employees and directors based on estimated fair values
on the grant date. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the
shorter of the period over which services are to be received or the vesting period.  

We account for
stock-based awards to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50,   Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.  
In accordance with ASC 505-50, we determine the fair value of stock-based awards granted as either the fair value of
the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  

We estimated
the fair value of stock-based awards issued to employees, directors and non-employees based on prices paid by unrelated third-parties
for the purchases of our common stock during the applicable period.  

Research
and development costs    

We expense research
and development costs as incurred in accordance with ASC 730,   Research and Development.   Our research and
development activities related to activities undertaken to adapt the water purification technology contributed by David King for
commercial-scale manufacturing and the development of additional offerings.  

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share    

Basic earnings
(loss) per share are computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and common
stock equivalents such as outstanding stock options and warrants. Common stock equivalents represent the dilutive effect of the
assumed exercise of the outstanding stock options and warrants, using the treasury stock method. The calculation of fully diluted
earnings (loss) per share assumes the dilutive effect of the exercise of outstanding options and warrants at either the beginning
of the respective period presented or the date of issuance, whichever is later.  

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements   

Going Concern
  In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-15     Presentation
of Financial Statements   Going Concern   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going   Concern  , which requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide
certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.
The updated accounting guidance was effective for the Company on December 31, 2016. We have implemented this new accounting standard
and we will update our liquidity disclosures as necessary.  

Revenue
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 -   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which outlines
a single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. ASU
2014-09 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The implementation of this standard did not
have a material impact on the Company s accompanying financial statements.  

Leases  
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 -  Leases  . This standard will require entities that lease assets referred
to as  lessees  to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations
created by those leases. The accounting by entities that own the assets leased by the lessee also known as lessor accounting will
remain largely unchanged from current GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018.
Modified retrospective application is required, with optional practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the new guidance.  

Debt Issuance
Costs   In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03 -  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs .
 The new standard will more closely align the presentation of debt issuance costs under U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles with the presentation under comparable IFRS standards. Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability will
be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts.
The cost of issuing debt will no longer be recorded as a separate asset, except when incurred before receipt of the funding from
the associated debt liability. Under current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, debt issuance costs are reported on
the balance sheet as assets and amortized as interest expense. The costs will continue to be amortized to interest expense using
the effective interest method. Subsequent to the issuance of ASU 2015-03 the Securities and Exchange Commission staff made an
announcement regarding the presentation of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements, which was codified
by the FASB in ASU 2015-15. This guidance, which clarifies the exclusion of line-of-credit arrangements from the scope of ASU
2015-03, is effective upon adoption of ASU 2015-03. ASU 2015-03 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The implementation of this standard did not have a material
impact on the Company s accompanying financial statements.  

Stock
Compensation   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 -   Compensation   Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which will simplify the income tax
consequences, accounting for forfeitures and classification on the Statement of Cash Flows of (i) excess tax benefits to be
classified as cash inflows provided by operating activities, and (ii) cash paid to taxing authorities arising from the
withholding of shares from employees be classified as cash outflows used in financing activities. This standard is effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The implementation of
this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s accompanying financial statements.  

In June 2014,
the FASB issued ASU 2014-12, Compensation - Stock Compensation. The amendments in this ASU apply to reporting entities that grant
their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target can be achieved after the
requisite service period. This ASU is the final version of Proposed ASU EITF-13D--Compensation--Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Accounting for Share-Based Payments. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be
achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance
in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. As such, the
performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation cost should be recognized
in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation
cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. If the performance target becomes
probable of being achieved before the end of the requisite service period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost should
be recognized prospectively over the remaining requisite service period. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during
and after the requisite service period should reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest and should be adjusted to
reflect those awards that ultimately vest. The requisite service period ends when the employee can cease rendering service and
still be eligible to vest in the award if the performance target is achieved. As indicated in the definition of vest, the stated
vesting period (which includes the period in which the performance target could be achieved) may differ from the requisite service
period. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2015. The implementation of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s accompanying
financial statements.  

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

Results of Operations   

For the three months ended June
30, 2018 and 2017 (unaudited)   

Revenue   

We generated nominal revenues
and incurred operating expenses of $924,406 and $268,593 for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. We
had a reversal of a sale totaling $116,880 during the three months ended June 30, 2018  due to the customer notifying us that it would not take possession of the goods because of
customs related issues.    

Research and development expenses       

Below is a summary of our research and
development expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively: 

Payroll expenses related to our R D
function increased during the three months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increases in the salaries, payroll taxes and
benefits for our employees engaged in research and development. 

Stock-based compensation expenses increased
during the three months ended June 30, 2018 due to granting stock awards to our employees and advisors during the period. 

General and administrative expenses    

The following is a summary of our general
and administrative expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively: 

Payroll expenses increased during the
three months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increases in salaries, payroll taxes and benefits for certain of our employees. 

Stock-based compensation expenses increased
during the three months ended June 30, 2018 due to granting additional stock awards to our employees and advisors during the period. 

Other general and administrative expenses
increased during the three months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increases in depreciation, transfer agent expenses,
insurance, rent, tools and supplies, and travel expenses. 

Audit, legal and professional fees increased
during the three months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increases in legal fees and consulting expenses. Also affecting
legal expenses was the net effect of the settlement of the lawsuit against Cloudburst Solutions (see Note 7 of Notes to Financial
Statements). 

Other Income (Expense)   

Below is a summary of our other income
(expense) for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

There was an increase in interest expenses
paid on the note payable   related parties. See Note 4 of the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) for the
period ended June 30, 2018. 

Net Losses   

We incurred net losses of $973,663 and
$271,593 for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, because of the factors discussed above.  

Net loss per share for the three months
ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 was $(0.03) and $(0.01), respectively, based on the weighted-average number of shares issued and outstanding
during the period. 

It is anticipated that future operating
expenses will increase as the Company complies with its periodic reporting requirements. Such expenses would also increase if the
Company were to effect a business combination, although there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in effecting
a business combination. 

For the six months ended
June 30, 2018 and 2017 (unaudited)   

Revenue   

We generated nominal revenues and incurred
operating expenses of $1,806,557 and $397,133 for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

Research and development expenses       

Below is a summary of our research and
development expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively: 

Payroll expenses related to R D increased
during the six months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increase in the salaries, payroll taxes and benefits for our employees
engaged in research and development. 

Stock-based compensation expenses increased
during the six months ended June 30, 2018 due to granting stock awards to our employees and advisors during the period. 

General and administrative expenses

The following is a summary of our general
and administrative expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively: 

Payroll expenses increased during the
six months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increases in salaries, payroll taxes and benefits for certain of our employees. 

Stock-based compensation expenses increased
during the six months ended June 30, 2018 due to granting additional stock awards to our employees and advisors during the period. 

Other general and administrative expenses
increased during the six months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increases in depreciation, advertising and marketing,
transfer agent expenses, insurance, rent, tools and supplies, and travel expenses. 

Audit, legal and professional fees
increased during the six months ended June 30, 2018 primarily related to increases in legal fees and consulting expenses. Also
affecting legal expenses was the net effect of the settlement of the lawsuit against Cloudburst Solutions (see Note 7 of Notes
to Financial Statements).  

Other Income (Expense)   

Below is a summary of our other income
(expense) for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

There was an increase in interest expenses
paid on the note payable   related parties. See Note 4 of the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) for the
period ended June 30, 2018. 

Net Losses   

We incurred net losses of $1,791,375 and
$403,133 for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, because of the factors set forth above.  

Net loss per share for the six months
ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 was approximately $(0.06) and $(0.01),    respectively,
based on the weighted-average number of shares issued and outstanding. 

It is anticipated that future operating
expenses will increase as the Company complies with its periodic reporting requirements. Such expenses would also increase if the
Company were to effect a business combination, although there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in effecting
a business combination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Sources of Liquidity    

To date, we have generated nominal revenues.
For fiscal 2017, we had a net loss of $1,725,957, resulting in an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2017 of $3,609,121. As
of June 30, 2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of $63,996. Our auditors issued a going concern opinion with respect to our
financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 due to the incurrence of significant operating losses,
which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have financed our operations to date primarily
through private placements of our common stock and borrowings. For the six months ended June 30, 2018, we received $1,140,500 in
net proceeds from the issuance of our common stock. 

Cash Flows    

The following table sets forth the primary
sources and uses of cash for the period set forth below. 

Operating activities.  Our use of cash
in operating activities resulted primarily from our net loss, as adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in operating assets
and liabilities. For the six months ended June 30, 2018, non-cash items consisted of common stock issued as payment for services
and employee compensation and changes in operating assets and liabilities consisted of an increase in accounts receivable and a
decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Financing activities.  Cash provided
by financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds from the issuance of our common stock in private placements. During the
six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, we received $1,140,500 and $537,000, respectively, from the issuance of our common stock. 

Funding Requirements    

We expect to continue to incur significant
expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially
if and as we: 

establish a sales, marketing and distribution
        infrastructure to commercialize our water purification units and any other products we successfully develop; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual
        property portfolio; and 

add operational and financial personnel to
        handle the public company reporting and other requirements to which we are subject. 

We expect that we will require a significant
amount of additional capital to fund operations during the next twelve (12) month period. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with the development and commercialization of our water purification units, we are unable to estimate the amounts of
increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with successfully commercializing such products. Our future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including:  

the costs and timing of commercialization activities
        for our water purification units, including manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution; 

revenues received from sales of our products; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting
        patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims;
        and 

our ability to maintain manufacturing and distribution relationships on favorable terms, if at all.  

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate
substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings,
and strategic alliances. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital
through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our shareholders will be diluted, and the
terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of common shareholders.
Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific
actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through
strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies
and future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds
through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development
or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to commercialize products that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market
ourselves.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

We have not utilized any derivative
financial instruments such as futures contracts, options and swaps, forward foreign exchange contracts or interest rate swaps
and futures. We do not have any adjustable rate borrowings and, consequently, we are not affected by changes in market
interest rates. We do not currently have any sales or own assets and operate facilities in countries outside the United
States and, consequently, we are not effected by foreign currency fluctuations or exchange rate changes.  Overall,
at this time, we believe that our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate changes is not material
to our financial condition or results of operations.    

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered
material to investors. 

Tax Loss Carryforwards   

We had a net operating loss carry-forward for
federal and state tax purposes of approximately $5.2 million at June 30, 2018, that is potentially available to offset future taxable
income, which will begin to expire in the year 2036. For financial reporting purposes, no deferred tax asset was recognized because
at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 management estimates that it is more likely than not that substantially all of the
net operating losses will expire unused. As a result, the amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable was reduced 100%
by a valuation allowance. 

ITEM
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

No Applicable 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures .   The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that such information
required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, as amended, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls
and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal
executive and the principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are
inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human
error and the circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures
can only provide reasonable assurance that control objectives are attained. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to provide such reasonable assurance .  

The Company s management, with the participation
of the principal executive and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2018, as required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that
evaluation, the principal executive and the principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2018. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting.     The Company s management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Although
the internal controls over financial reporting were not audited, the Company s management, including the principal executive
and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting as of  June 30,
2018 , based on criteria issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) entitled   Internal Control-Integrated Framework.   Upon evaluation, the Company s management
has concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of  June 30, 2018. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting.    The Company s management, with the participation of the principal executive and principal
financial officer, have concluded there were no changes in internal control during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2018. 

PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   

 We may become involved in, or have been involved
in, arbitrations or various other legal proceedings that arise from the normal course of our business. We cannot predict the timing
or outcome of these claims and other proceedings. The ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain, and either unfavorable or
favorable outcomes could have a material negative impact on our results of operations, balance sheets and cash flows due to defense
costs, and divert management resources. Currently, except as set forth below, we are not involved in any arbitration and/or other
legal proceeding that could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

On May 30, 2018, The Company reached an amicable
resolution by way of a settlement agreement and release (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Cloudburst Solutions, LLC
( CS ) with respect to the Manufacturing and Licensing Agreement entered into on July 1, 2016 ( Agreement ).
Neither party admitted liability and each agreed to finally and forever, settle and compromise all disputes and matters of controversy
between them. 

CS has agreed to dismiss the
lawsuit filed, fully release, acquit, and forever discharge the Company and David King from any claims related to the
Agreement, render the Agreement null and void in all respects, and to cancel 1,250,000 shares of the Company s common
stock held by CS. The Company has agreed to fully release, acquit, and forever discharge CS from any claims related to the
Agreement and has agreed that the Agreement is null and void and neither party owes any duties or obligations thereunder. The
Company has agreed to pay CS $700,000 in four installments. The first payment of $150,000.00 was paid on or before June
20, 2018. The second payment of $150,000 was paid to CS within 30 days of the first payment. The third payment of $150,000 will be paid to CS within 30 days of the second payment. The final payment of $250,000 will be paid to
CS within 30 days of the third payment. The Settlement Agreement does not contain any admission of liability, wrongdoing,
or responsibility by any of the parties.    

A copy of the Settlement Agreement was
filed as Exhibit 10.10  to the Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of the
Settlement Agreement does not purport to be a complete description and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Settlement Agreement. Additional information about the lawsuit can be found under the caption
 Litigation  in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31,
2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2018.  

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
USE OF PROCEEDS  

The following is
a summary of our issuances of common stock during the quarter ended  June 30, 2018 :  

On various dates from January 1, 2018 to June
30, 2018, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,805,000    shares
to various investors at $0.50 per share for cash, generating total proceeds of $902,500.00   .
The issuance of such shares was in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. We believe that Section 4(a)(2) was
available because none of such issuances involved underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions; restrictive legends were
placed on the certificates representing the shares purchases; and none of such sales were made by general solicitation. 

On various dates from January 1, 2018 to June
30, 2018, the Company issued 710,000    shares
to executives, employees and consultants. The issuance of such shares was in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933.  We believe that Section 4(a)(2) was available because none of such issuances involved underwriters,
underwriting discounts or commissions; restrictive legends were placed on the certificates representing the shares purchases;
and none of such sales were made by general solicitation.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
    August 20, 2018  

WATER NOW, INC.    

By: /s/ David King    

David
                                         King  
                                                                               Chief Executive Officer and
                                                                             Chief Financial Officer    

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

3 1*   Certification of David King, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, furnished pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

_______*  XBRL Instance Document   

_______* XBRL Schema Document 

 _______* XBRL
Calculation Linkbase Document 

 _______* XBRL
Definition Linkbase Document 

 _______* XBRL
Label Linkbase Document 

 _______* XBRL
Presentation Linkbase Document 

 ______________________________  

 * Filed or furnished herewith. 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm

Exhibit 31 

  CERTIFICATION   

I, David King, certify that: 

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Water Now, Inc. (the  registrant ) for the quarterly period
    ended June 30, 2018;   

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.    As
the sole certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.    As
the sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a)   
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 20, 2018 

/s/
David King . B  

 David King 

 Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

 In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Water Now, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, David King, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: August 20, 2018 

/s/
David King . B  

 David King 

 Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 none-20180630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 none-20180630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 none-20180630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 none-20180630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 none-20180630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 none-20180630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

