 2
 annualreport2018.htm
 TAYLOR DEVICES, INC. 2018 ANNUAL REPORT

Exhibit 13  

Taylor Devices, Inc. 2018 Annual Report  

President's Letter  

Dear Shareholders, 

It is with great honor and pleasure that I
have accepted the position of President of Taylor Devices and now have the opportunity to address all Shareholders in this Annual
Report. My career with the Company began in March 1988 and we have seen many changes that have accompanied that period of more
than 30 years. In fiscal year 1988, Taylor recorded annual sales of $4.7 million. The Company has come a long way. Incorporated
in 1955, we are now in our 64 th  year of operation. I follow our two previous presidents, Paul H. Taylor (1955-1991)
and Douglas P. Taylor (1991-2018). We thank Doug and Richard Hill, who both retired as of May 31, 2018 for their outstanding service
to the Company and for their many contributions that have enabled the Company to succeed for many years. On June 1, 2018, both
Doug and Rick were presented retirement awards in the presence of all employees. While maintaining that same level of high expectation,
I personally look forward to many more years here at Taylor Devices and will strive to maintain and improve on the previous successes
that the Company has enjoyed. 

Sales for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2018
were $24,363,967 compared to last year s sales of $25,536,996. Operating income was $647,633 compared to $2,920,732 in 2017.
Net income was $443,370 compared to $2,330,577 in 2017. As stated in a recent press release, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act became law
in December 2017. Due to changes in corporate tax rates, the Company was required to record a non-cash write down of deferred tax
assets and recognized incremental deferred tax expense of $164,000 during fiscal year 2018. Although this one-time adjustment hurt
our overall annual income, the long-term reduction in corporate tax rates will benefit the Company. 

Taylor Devices  firm order backlog at
the end of the 2018 fiscal year was $23.1 million compared to $21.6 million at the close of the 2017 fiscal year. The backlog product
mix is approximately 33% aerospace and defense, 65% seismic products, and 2% commercial/industrial products. 

As stated in last year s Annual Report,
the Company completed the expansion of the seismic assembly and test facilities in fiscal year 2017. Throughout fiscal year 2018,
new test equipment was successfully integrated into the facility and this has allowed us to build and test many large seismic dampers
with unique characteristics for several major projects. Among them are the 104 seismic dampers for the new Loma Linda University
Medical Center (LLUMC) that is the subject of this year s centerfold featured project. 

A challenging aspect of the Medical Center
to the design team was its proximity to seismic faults. In fact, it is adjacent to the intersection of the San Jacinto fault zone
and the Loma Linda Fault, and is just a few miles from the famous San Andreas Fault. In order to meet the stringent performance
required during large earthquakes, the Medical Center sits on a base isolation system that allows significant movement during an
earthquake. This system allows the ground to effectively move underneath while the building remains  isolated  from
most of the harmful earthquake energy. This system is similar to what was used for the Arrowhead Regional Medical Center, which
was Taylor Devices  first major project for supplying seismic dampers in the mid-1990 s. However, the dampers that
were recently delivered for the LLUMC require 75% more deflection capability than those previously used for Arrowhead, partially
due to the near-fault location. Additionally, the combination of the output force and the rated velocity experienced during large
earthquakes was higher than the Company had tested to previously. Therefore, our new test facilities were put to immediate good
use and allowed us to demonstrate near perfect performance for all 104 dampers. This new test capability is second to none and
will provide the Company with years of service to our customers world-wide. 

Our second featured project is NASA s
Space Launch System (SLS) shown on the cover of this Report. The SLS Program consists of three major elements: the SLS Launch Vehicle
itself, the manned Orion Space Capsule, and Exploration Ground Systems that will provide the infrastructure and manage the launch
facilities at Pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. When complete, no other space launch vehicles will have the same
lift capability combined with the ability to carry astronauts to the Moon, Mars and beyond. Other deep space destinations for SLS
include Europa, one of Jupiter s moons. The first launch is now being planned for early 2020. The recently passed federal
budget provides continued funding for the Program and the future looks bright. Indeed, after meeting with several members of Congress
recently at a Lockheed Martin sponsored SLS Suppliers Conference, I can personally report that this Program is receiving significant
bi-partisan support. 

The Company has already delivered several
custom ground-based energy absorbers for use during launch. These products are direct adaptations of products that had been developed
for the Space Shuttle Program beginning in the 1970 s and successfully used for every Space Shuttle launch over 30 years
from 1981 through 2011. 

Additionally, the Company has recently been
developing a unique vibration isolation system for protecting certain components near the top portion of the SLS Launch Vehicle
and the Orion Capsule during flight. Initial testing of the system has been very successful, and we look forward to providing these
isolators for every launch of the SLS for years to come. 

Sincerely, 

 TAYLOR DEVICES, INC. 

/s/Alan R. Kembczyk  

 Alan R. Klembczyk 

 President 

Status Report from the Vice President of
Operations  

 Benjamin M. Kujawinski 

 Vice President of Operations 

It is an exciting time at Taylor Devices,
with countless challenges and opportunities in front of us, none of which would be possible without the years of service, guidance
and expertise passed on from our retired executive officers, Mr. Douglas P. Taylor and Mr. Richard G. Hill. All of us owe them
a debt of gratitude for their stewardship of the Company and the transition planning that has been many years in the making. Both
of them have been instrumental in guiding my 20 year career with the company. I now accept and look forward to the challenges put
before me since my appointment to Vice President of Operations on October 1, 2017. 

Operations at the Company consist of all of
the internal activities, both strategic and tactical, to deliver the best possible product and performance to our customers around
the globe. While internal coordination is much of our focus on items like manufacturing costs and schedules, it is imperative that
Alan and I continue to make all facets of the organization work toward the common goals of our customers and shareholders. We believe
that the best years of the Company are in front of us and many improvements are already taking shape. 

Some of those improvements and upgrades can
be seen in this Annual Report. The 104 dampers for the Loma Linda University Medical Center (LLUMC) forced us to rethink our capacities
and capabilities, especially when it comes to the needs of future projects. New assembly and testing facilities now allow us to
build some of the longest stroke dampers on the planet; products that are crucial to base-isolation systems and seismic protection
concepts. These same facilities will also allow improved safety and efficiencies for our growing backlog of assembly needs, including
those for fiscal year 2019 such as the dampers for the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge. 

Fiscal year 2018 also saw our operations rise
to many challenges that provide long term results and returns for the Company and our shareholders. In December of 2017 we became
NIST 800-171 compliant with respect to the control of our digital data and cyber security. This standard is required by the U.S.
Government for its suppliers and contractors, where it pertains to the safe and secure transfer of digital information. 

In addition, after many years of successful
certification efforts, the Company received upgrade certification to ISO 14001:2015, AS9100D and ISO 9001:2015. AS9100D in particular
provides the greatest return to the Company as the leading certification to participate in military and aerospace hardware design
and manufacturing as an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM). The upgraded revision and criteria to pass the audit were quite
stringent and I am very proud of our team and their successes. 

Lastly, we completed the significant effort
to upgrade our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software that will likely serve the Company for 8-10 years. This software allows
us to fulfill all of our customer and quality requirements, along with all of our financial reporting needs. The improved software
also provides the opportunity to be very agile and precise when it comes to assessing costs, controlling inventory, and providing
better results to our customers. 

From all of our teams in Manufacturing, Purchasing,
Quality and Production Control, we look forward to continued success while serving our customers and shareholders for many years
to come. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Benjamin M. Kujawinski  

 Benjamin M. Kujawinski 

 Vice President of Operations 

Status Report from the Chief Financial
Officer  

 Mark V. McDonough 

 Chief Financial Officer 

Fiscal 2018 was a disappointing year at Taylor
Devices, Inc. for both sales and profits. Sales were down 5% from fiscal 2017 while profits were only 15% of last year s
level. In the United States, sales were down 12%. While domestic sales are generally more profitable than exports, costs were higher
and margins were slimmer than the prior year. Asian sales were up 57% over last year but at significantly lower margins as competition
increased for many of the projects we completed for shipment there. Sales volume to customers for seismic / wind protection dropped
12%. This was somewhat offset by small increases in sales to Aerospace / Defense customers and industrial customers. Selling, general
and administrative expenses were up slightly from the prior year while operating income fell to 20% of last year s level.
Earnings per share was 13 cents for fiscal 2018 compared to 67 cents for the prior year. 

The Company s backlog of sales orders
at May 31, 2018 is $23.1million, up $1.5 million from the backlog at the end of the prior year. Almost two-thirds of the sales
order backlog is for customers building or retro-fitting bridges and buildings and one-third is for customers in aerospace / defense.
Approximately 92% is for domestic customers while 7% will be shipped to Asia. We are encouraged by continued new sales order activity
in the early months of the 2019 fiscal year. Based on this sales order backlog at year end and new order activity in the early
stages of the new fiscal year, we are optimistic that we will achieve profitable growth fiscal 2019. We are dedicated to become
more efficient throughout our organization in the coming year as we strive to increase customer interest in our products. 

We will continue to work with our advisors
to keep abreast of changes in the regulations and to remain in compliance with them in order to ensure that accurate, reliable
financial and business information is provided to investors and other users of this annual report and our interim reports. 

Status Report from Aerospace/Defense Products  

 John C. Metzger 

 Chief Engineer 

Fiscal year 2018 aerospace/defense sector
represented 42% of the Company sales compared to 39% for fiscal year 2017. Sales were slightly up from $10,086,000 in FY17 to $10,205,900
in FY18. Revenue has been bolstered by recurring orders for drone landing gears, submarine deck isolators, helicopter machined
spring elements for U.S. Army/Navy main rotors and KC-46 Aircraft refueling boom shock absorbers. Looking forward, these programs
are contributing to a healthy backlog for this year as well. 

Follow on orders remain strong for the U.S.
Navy standard missile canister isolators. The U.S. Navy announced new plans this spring to change the mission of the Zumwalt Class
Destroyers to use extended range versions of the Navy s standard missile, each containing four Taylor vertical shock isolators.
This Destroyer was featured in last year s Annual Report. This program will last for many years. 

The Company received an order for 235 systems
used by the U.S. Navy after developing a high frequency vibration isolator using our machined spring technology within a ring laser
gyroscope used for shipboard navigation. This technology can be adapted for many new applications. 

Work has continued toward the qualification
of many devices for NASA space programs for manned space-flight. These devices include flight hardware with many recurring orders
expected in the years to come. In addition, design work has begun for numerous ground support shock absorbers for yet another Space
Program for the next generation un-manned launch vehicle. This vehicle s mission is to greatly reduce the cost to launch
satellites into orbit. 

The supply of components for drone landing
gear continues to be a strong market for Taylor Devices. In the second half of the fiscal year 2018,the Company was awarded a fast-track
contract to design and qualify new landing gear struts for the U.S. Air Force. Taylor Devices has established a strong relationship
with the aircraft manufacturer to be able to perform this activity in a short amount of time. 

The Company continues to work with large defense
contractors on many projects to collaborate and develop solutions that could utilize our technology. These discussions involve
cutting edge technology while designing in our products as part of the final design. These early development efforts can lead to
long term future orders. 

To continue to increase our presence in the
aerospace/defense sector, we have added an additional sales representative to aggressively seek out new opportunities for the Company. 

Status Report from Industrial Products  

 Robert H. Schneider 

 Craig W. Winters 

Fiscal Year 2018 did not produce the results
we were anticipating one year earlier. Overall, Taylor Devices  industrial product lines sales decreased this year by approximately
8% to $14,158,022, with a 12% decrease for our construction related products and a 27% increase for our Crane Buffers and other
catalog items. The total for both product lines represents 58% of the Company s sales for the year. Sales in some portions
of Asia have increased, while other portions have decreased, but the net result is a substantial increase in Asian sales for FY
18. The increase in Asian sales along with increased crane buffer and catalog sales helped to offset the decrease in sales for
our seismic and wind control products within the USA. Our industrial product diversity, mixed with our other product lines, helps
to keep us going strong when other segments of our business are facing challenges. 

A major challenge we face is related to the
new tariffs on imported steel and aluminum. Taylor Devices prefers to use steel produced in the USA when it is available in the
shapes and sizes needed to produce our products, but due to domestic supply/demand we are seeing increased material prices for
the steel we buy from US mills. This is forcing us to control our costs in other ways since raising prices will make it difficult
to compete with other damper manufacturers in other countries that are not faced with the increase in raw material prices. On the
other hand, the tariffs seem to be spurring new activity at the US steel mills and that should result in additional demand for
our energy absorbers used on the overhead cranes and other applications in the steel and aluminum mills. 

Although sales are somewhat down, we are optimistic
about the future. Our overall company backlog at the end of FY 18 was 23.1M, approximately 7% higher than at this same period last
year which was 21.6M. Of the 23.1M in backlog, 67% is for our industrial products and the remaining 33% is for our military and
aerospace products. 

New sales efforts have been initiated to reverse
the trend of declining sales of our dampers used for seismic and wind protection of structures. It was identified that competing
technologies have made it easier to implement their products by providing assistance with design of the structure to help save
the structural engineer time. Taylor Devices is in the final stages of producing a new comprehensive guide to assist structural
engineers with implementing viscous dampers in their structure. We have also expanded our direct sales team by hiring a new Western
US Technical Sales Manager. With more than 10 years of experience as a structural engineer, Aaron Malatesta will be able to enhance
the level of support that we provide to our customers along the west coast. 

During FY18, new orders for our seismic and
wind damping technology remained nearly the same as past years, with 34 new projects, of varying sizes. This puts our total number
of seismic and wind projects over the 700 mark. Many of these new orders along with some existing multi-year projects are scheduled
to ship after the end of FY18, so our FY19 looks promising, despite the current apparent lag. 

A notable project won during FY18 includes
96 dampers for the San Francisco   Oakland Bay Bridge. Due to significant changes in the requirements for these specialized
devices, the Taylor Devices' seismic dampers that were originally installed in 2001 are now being replaced by upgraded devices.  
New and proprietary features that have recently been tested and qualified to meet specific requirements of the California State
Department of Transportation (CalTrans) have been incorporated into the design.   

Other projects worth mentioning include protection
of a new pedestrian bridge located outside of the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. from excessive vibrations resulting from wind
and people walking and running across the bridge. Several retrofit projects for buildings located in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
These projects are a result of the new ordinances implemented by Los Angeles and San Francisco that require certain building types
to be strengthened against earthquakes. Taylor Devices was also awarded a contract to supply 108 large dampers for the seismic
Upgrade of the St. Bernardine Medical Center located in Southern California. The dampers will be installed outside of the existing
structure and will allow the hospital to remain functional during the retrofit process. 

A very strong backlog of existing orders at
the end of FY18 as well as new and retrofit construction projects in current development throughout the world provide a good outlook
for FY19 expectations. Our recognized ability to suit the customer s needs with special products and the flexibility to continually
adapt to the requirements of the market, remain our most valuable assets. 

Corporate Data  

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS   
 
      JOHN BURGESS Chairman of the Board of Directors   
 
      ALAN R. KLEMBCZYK President and Director   
 
      RANDALL L. CLARK Director   
 
      F. ERIC ARMENAT Secretary and Director   
 
      MARK V. MCDONOUGH Chief Financial Officer and Director   

GENERAL COUNSEL   
 
      Barclay Damon, LLP   
 
      Barclay Damon Tower   
 
      125 East Jefferson Street   
 
      Syracuse, NY 13202   

MANAGERS   
 
      BENJAMIN KUJAWINSKI Vice President, Operations   
 
      JOHN METZGER Chief Engineer   
 
      ROBERT SCHNEIDER Industrial/Seismic Products Sales Manager   
 
      CRAIG WINTERS Industrial/Seismic Products Sales Manager   
 
      CHARLES KETCHUM III Quality Assurance Manager   
 
      CASEY MCQUATE Purchasing Manager   
 
      TRACY MASSE Human Resources Manager   
 
      STEVEN KANUTSU Contracts Manager   
 
      KATHLEEN NICOSIA Shareholder Relations Manager   
 
      ROGER HARTLEY Quality Control Manager   
 
      THOMAS STRUZIK JR. Large Machine Shop Supervisor   
 
      GREG HANSON Small Machine Shop Supervisor   

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR  

 Computershare Investor Services 

 250 Royall Street 

 Canton, MA 02021 

 800-522-6645 

 www.computershare.com 

A copy of the financial report on form 10-K can be obtained by written request to the attention
of Kathleen Nicosia, IR, at Taylor Devices, Inc., 90 Taylor Drive, North Tonawanda, NY 14120-0748.     

MARKET INFORMATION  

The Company's Common Stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market
of the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation (NASDAQ) stock market under the symbol TAYD. 

The high and low sales information noted below for the quarters
of fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2017 were obtained from NASDAQ. 

As of May 31, 2018, the number of issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock was 3,466,267 and the approximate number of record holders of the Company's Common Stock was 531. Due to a substantial
number of shares of the Company's Common Stock held in street name, the Company believes that the total number of beneficial owners
of its Common Stock exceeds 2,000. No cash or stock dividends have been declared during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2018. 

Notice of Annual Meeting  

The annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company will be held
on Friday, November 2, 2018 at 11:00 a.m. This year's meeting will be held at the Millennium Buffalo, 2040 Walden Avenue, Buffalo,
New York. Shareholders desiring accommodations may call the Millennium Buffalo at 716-681-2400. 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  

John
Burgess   

 Chairman of the Board of
Directors 

Mr.
Burgess gained his international strategy, manufacturing operations and organizational development expertise from his more than
40 years experience with middle market public and privately-owned companies. Mr. Burgess served as President and CEO of Reichert,
Inc. a leading provider of ophthalmic instruments, and spearheaded the acquisition of the company from Leica Microsystems in 2002,
leading the company until its sale in January 2007. Prior to the acquisition, Mr. Burgess served as President of Leica s
Ophthalmic and Educational Divisions before leading the buyout of the Ophthalmic Division and formation of Reichert, Inc.  
 
From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Burgess was COO of International Motion Controls (IMC), a $200 million diversified manufacturing firm. During
his tenure there, he led a significant acquisition strategy that resulted in seven completed acquisitions and sixteen worldwide
businesses in the motion control market. Previously, Mr. Burgess operated a number of companies for Moog, Inc. and Carleton Technologies,
including six years as President of Moog s Japanese subsidiary, Nihon Moog K.K. located in Hiratsuka, Japan. Moog, Inc. is
the global leader in electro-hydraulic servo control technology with focus on the aerospace and defense sectors and was recognized
as one of The 100 Best Companies to Work For in America by  Fortune Magazine . 
 
Mr. Burgess earned a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Bath University in England, and a Masters of Business Administration
from Canisius College. 

Currently Mr. Burgess is an Operating Partner
of Summer Street Capital LLC and Director of Bird Technologies Corporation of Solon, Ohio. 

ALAN R. KLEMBCZYK   

 Board Member and President 

After graduating from the University of Buffalo
in 1987 with a degree in Mechanical Engineering, Mr. Klembczyk has held key positions in Sales and Engineering at Taylor Devices
over the last 30 years including Design Engineer, Assistant Chief Engineer, Chief Engineer, Vice President of Sales and Engineering
and was appointed President of the Company and Member of the Board of Directors in June 2018. 

Mr. Klembczyk has spent most of his career
managing the Taylor Devices Engineering Department along with designing and developing shock and vibration mitigating products
for a diverse customer base. These include hundreds of applications to improve performance under wind, seismic, shock and vibration
for many aerospace, industrial and structural applications. 

Mr. Klembczyk has been responsible for establishing
new Sales   Marketing policies and has been directly involved with defining internal Company policy and strategic direction
in cooperation with all levels of Taylor Devices  Management. He has been an integral part of the team that managed upgrades
to the Quality System and obtaining 3 rd  party certification to International Standards ISO 9001, ISO 14000 and Aerospace
Standard AS9100. 

Mr. Klembczyk has served for many years on
the Technical Advisory Group for the US Shock and Vibration Information   Analysis Center (SAVIAC) and the Shock and Vibration
Exchange (SAVE). Additionally, he has been a tutorial and course instructor for various organizations internationally and has participated
in technical conferences and symposia. 

Mr. Klembczyk has participated in many research
projects for products for military   aerospace, industrial, and structural applications. He has served as Program Manager for
many of these projects and has worked with academia including the University at Buffalo s MCEER: Earthquake Engineering to
Extreme Events, among others. 

He has published several papers describing
unique applications for structural dampers, tuned mass dampers, vibration isolators, shock absorbers, and shock isolators and holds
US Patents for some of these components. These papers have been published by SAVE, SAVIAC, the Society for Experimental Mechanics
(SEM) and the Applied Technology Council (ATC). 

F.
Eric Armenat   

 Board Member and Secretary 

Mr. Armenat has more than 37 years of business
experience across a myriad of industries both private and public. He is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Multisorb Filtration Group which he successfully spearheaded the sale of in early 2018 from a private equity owner. Multisorb is
the world leader in the active packaging industry solving complex technical challenges in the pharmaceutical, food, and industrial
markets. 

From 2012 to 2016, Mr. Armenat served and
President and Chief Executive Officer for several companies owned by private equity. These companies included healthcare delivery,
medical waste collection and disposal as well as active packaging. He was responsible for the successful business improvement and
eventual divestiture of the companies. 

From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Armenat served as Chief
Operating Officer of Avox Systems (Zodiac Aerospace), a leading supplier of aircraft oxygen systems. From 1994 to 2009, he served
as Vice President of Operations and then President and General Manager of Carleton Technologies (Cobham Mission Systems), a global
leader of technology for the military and commercial aviation markets. Mr. Armenat also worked as an Operations Management Consultant
with Ernst and Young beginning in 1984. 

Mr. Armenat earned his Bachelor of Science
Degree in Industrial Engineering from Southern Illinois University and his MBA in Finance and Accounting from St. Bonaventure University.
He also proudly served in the United States Airforce. 

RANDALL L. CLARK  

 Board Member 

Mr. Clark holds a B.A. degree from the University
of Pennsylvania, and earned his M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Finance and Commerce. He is and has been the Chairman of Dunn
Tire LLC since 1996. From 1992 to 1996, Mr. Clark was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Pratt   Lambert,
until it was purchased by Sherwin-Williams. 

Mr. Clark has been employed in the tire industry
for many years. He was named President of the Dunlop Tire Corporation in 1980, was appointed to the Board of Directors in 1983,
and named President and Chief Executive Officer in 1984. He was one of seven chief executives of operating companies appointed
to the Group Management Board of Dunlop Holdings, PLC., and was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Dunlop Tire
Corporation in North America from 1985 to 1991. In 2012 he was inducted into the Tire Industry Association Hall of Fame. 

From 1977 to 1980, Mr. Clark was Vice President
of Marketing for the Dunlop Tire Division. From 1973 to 1977, he was employed by Dunlop as Director of Marketing at the company s
Buffalo, NY headquarters. From 1968 to 1973, Mr. Clark was employed by the B.F. Goodrich Company. 

Mr. Clark is currently a Director of Merchants
Mutual Insurance Company. He recently retired as a Director of Computer Task Group, a publicly traded company, and The Ten Eleven
Group. He is a past President of the International Trade Council of Western New York, past Chairman of the Buffalo Chamber of Commerce,
and past Chairman of Invest Buffalo Niagara. He is also a past Chairman of AAA of Western and Central New York. Mr. Clark was appointed
by Governor George Pataki and served on the Council for the State University of New York at Buffalo. Recently he retired from the
Board of Trustees of the University at Buffalo Foundation. 

MARK V. MCDONOUGH  

 Board Member and Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. McDonough, who joined Taylor Devices in
June 2003, is a Certified Public Accountant in New York State and holds a BBA degree from Niagara University, awarded in 1982.
He has been involved in financial management of various Western New York manufacturing organizations for over twenty-five years.
He has extensive experience in international operations coupled with a long history of implementing systems of internal controls.
From 1986 to 1989 he was an auditor with the Buffalo office of Ernst   Young, LLP. 

Mr. McDonough is a member of the New York
State Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

IN MEMORIAM  

Reginald
B. Newman II   1937 - 2018 

It is with great sadness that the Company
announces the passing of Reginald B. Newman II, Taylor Devices  Board Member and Secretary since 2006. Mr. Newman s
contributions to the Company can never be measured. He brought a vast wealth of wisdom and experience to the Board and was an even
keel providing guidance to the Company s management for many years. The Company s Management and employees are eternally
grateful to Mr. Newman for his contributions. 

</EX-13>

<EX-31>
 3
 ceo302certification2018.htm
 CEO 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31(i)  

CERTIFICATION   
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a - 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Alan R. Klembczyk, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report
on Form 10-K of Taylor Devices, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: August 9, 2018  

Alan R. Klembczyk 
         Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ceo906certification2018.htm
 CEO 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32(i)  

CERTIFICATION  
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connect with the annual
report of Taylor Devices, Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2018 to be filed with Securities
and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the 
 Report ), I, Alan R. Klembczyk, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

It is not intended that
this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Date: August 9, 2018  
      By:  
       /s/Alan R. Klembczyk          

Alan R. Klembczyk, 
         Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-31>
 5
 cfo302certification2018.htm
 CFO 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31(ii)  

CERTIFICATION   
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a - 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Mark V. McDonough, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report
on Form 10-K of Taylor Devices, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 9, 2018  
      /s/ Mark V. McDonough   

Mark V. McDonough 
         Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 cfo906certification2018.htm
 CFO 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32(ii)  

CERTIFICATION  
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connect with the annual
report of Taylor Devices, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2018 to be filed with Securities
and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mark V. McDonough, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

It is not intended that
this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Date: August 9, 2018  
      By:  
       /s/ Mark V. McDonough          

Mark V. McDonough, 
         Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-10>
 7
 negativepledge2018.htm
 NEGATIVE PLEDGE

Exhibit 10(ix)  

NEGATIVE PLEDGE AGREEMENT   

This Negative Pledge
Agreement dated 30 th  day of August, 2017 (this  Agreement ) is entered into by  TAYLOR
DEVICES, INC.,  a corporation organized under the laws of New York, with its chief executive office 90 Taylor Drive, North
Tonawanda, NY 14120  (  Pledgor  ), 
to M T BANK, a New York banking corporation with its banking offices at One M T Plaza, Buffalo, NY 14203 ( Lender ). 

   Recitals   

A.       Lender
is or will be making available to Pledgor a certain demand line of credit loan in the maximum amount of $10,000,000.00 (collectively,
as such loan may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the  Credit Facility ). 

 B.       Lender
has requested and Pledgor has agreed to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement as a condition precedent to making the Credit
Facility available, understanding that Lender is relying on this Agreement in extending the Credit Facility and acknowledging that
Pledgor is deriving a substantial benefit from the Credit Facility. 

  NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the mutual promises of the parties hereto and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Pledgor, intending to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows: 

  1.       
  Warranty of Title  . Pledgor warrants and represents to Lender that, upon information and belief, it is the owner
of all of its personal property including, without limitation,  all personal property  wherever
located, whether now existing or owned or hereafter arising or acquired, whether or not subject to the Uniform Commercial Code,
as the same may be in effect in the State of New York, as amended from time to time, and whether or not affixed to any realty including,
without limitation: (i) all accounts, chattel paper, investment property, deposit accounts, documents, equipment, farm products,
general intangibles (including trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents, copyrights, licenses and franchises), instruments,
inventory, money, letter of credit rights, causes of action (including tort claims) and other personal property (including agreements
and instruments not constituting chattel paper or a document, general intangible or instrument); (ii) all additions, accessions
to, substitutions for, or replacements of the foregoing; (iii) all proceeds and products of the foregoing including insurance proceeds;
and (iv) all business records and information relating to any of the foregoing and any software or other programs for accessing
and manipulating such information (collectively referred to herein as the  Collateral ) and Pledgor holds the Collateral
free and clear of any and all liens or claims or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever. 

  2.       
  Negative Pledge .  So long as the Credit Facility shall remain outstanding, Pledgor will not, without the prior
written consent of Lender: 

 (a)     
  sell, transfer, assign or lease the Collateral or any part thereof. 

 (b)                 
 create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of the Collateral. As used herein,  Lien  means any
interest in property securing an obligation whether such interest is based on the common law, statute or contract, and including
but not limited to a security interest arising from a security agreement, an encumbrance, pledge, conditional pledge or mortgage,
or a lease, consignment or bailment for security purposes. 

 (c)     
   enter into any agreement with any person other than Lender, which prohibits or limits
the ability of Pledgor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien or other encumbrance
upon the Collateral.  

  3.       
   Representations and Warranties  . 

 (a)     
 Pledgor is a corporation: (i) duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New York;
and (ii) has the power and authority to own and use its assets and conduct its business and operations as now conducted, and as
anticipated that its business and operations will hereafter be, conducted. 

 (b)     
 The execution, delivery and performance by Pledgor of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action and
will not (i) contravene any of Pledgor s organizational documents, (ii) violate any law, rule or regulation, order, writ,
judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award, and (iii) conflict with or result in the breach of, or constitute a default
under, any material contract, loan agreement or other material instrument or agreement binding on Pledgor or any of Pledgor s
properties, or result in or require the creation or imposition of any lien upon or with respect to any of Pledgor s properties. 

  4.       
  Governing Law .  This Agreement and the relations of the parties hereby shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 

  5.       
  Consents and Waivers Relating to Legal Proceedings .  

  (a)     
  PLEDGOR KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY,  INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY
(i) CONSENTS IN EACH ACTION AND OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDING COMMENCED BY LENDER AND ARISING OUT OF OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT THAT IS EITHER A COURT OF RECORD OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ERIE COUNTY,
OR A COURT OF THE UNITED STATES LOCATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ERIE COUNTY, (ii) WAIVES EACH OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE
OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDING, (iii) WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS IN EACH SUCH ACTION AND OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDING,
AND (iv) CONSENTS TO THE MAKING OF SERVICE OF PROCESS IN EACH SUCH ACTION AND OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDING BY REGISTERED MAIL DIRECTED
TO PLEDGOR AT THE LAST ADDRESS OF PLEDGOR SHOWN IN THE RECORDS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT MAINTAINED BY LENDER, WITH SUCH SERVICE
OF PROCESS TO BE DEEMED COMPLETED FIVE DAYS AFTER THE MAILING THEREOF.  

  (b)     
  PLEDGOR  KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES EACH RIGHT PLEDGOR MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO, AND EACH RIGHT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PUNITIVE DAMAGES) IN ANY ACTION OR OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDING OF ANY NATURE, RELATING TO (i) THIS AGREEMENT, (ii)
ANY TRANSACTION RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR (iii) ANY NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT.
PLEDGOR  CERTIFIES THAT NEITHER LENDER NOR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF LENDER HAS REPRESENTED TO PLEDGOR THAT LENDER WILL NOT SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE WAIVER MADE BY PLEDGOR IN THIS PARAGRAPH.  PLEDGOR ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT IT HAS BEEN REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL AS NECESSARY AND APPROPRIATE.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Agreement has been executed as of the date first above written. 

  PLEDGOR:  

TAYLOR DEVICES, INC. 

By:  /s/Douglas P.
Taylor  

 Name: Douglas
P. Taylor 

 Title: President 

STATE OF NEW YORK  ) 

 : SS. 

 COUNTY OF NIAGARA ) 

On the 30th day of August
in the year 2017, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Douglas P. Taylor, personally
known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument
and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity, and that by his signature on the instrument, the individual,
or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. 

 / s/Krystal Marie Kreger  

 Notary Public 

</EX-10>

<EX-20>
 8
 summernewsletter2018.htm
 SUMMER NEWSLETTER 2018

Exhibit 20(i)  

NEWS FROM TAYLOR DEVICES, INC.  

  SHAREHOLDER LETTER, SUMMER 2018  

THIS NEWSLETTER IS DIRECTED TO ALL SHAREHOLDERS
OF TAYLOR DEVICES. WE HOPE THAT IT WILL GENERATE INTEREST IN THE COMPANY, PLUS PROVIDE CURRENT FINANCIAL AND PROJECT INFORMATION.
COPIES OF THIS NEWSLETTER WILL ALSO BE CIRCULATED TO SHAREHOLDERS WHO HAVE SHARES IN BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS.  

STATEMENT FROM THE PRESIDENT   

 As reported in a recent press release, Douglas
Taylor and Richard Hill have retired from Taylor Devices as of May 31, 2018. I now accept the role of President with the highest
expectations while holding the same high standards as the prior Management team. 

As a young engineer, I started my career with
the Company in March 1988 and I have worked directly for Doug Taylor ever since. When I started, Paul Taylor was the President
and CEO and I am thankful that I had the opportunity to have open discussions with him about the past and the future of the Company.
Of course, I am even more grateful for the opportunity to have worked directly for Doug Taylor for all those years while watching
the change in direction and the great progress that was made under his leadership. I appreciate where this Company has come from,
and I am quite confident in its future direction. 

The change in management has been seamless.
Our current strategy is to carry on the tradition of excellence for the Company with respect to the products and services that
we provide to all our customers. We will maintain the strategies that have made Taylor Devices a successful company since 1955.
However, we will also take this opportunity to accommodate even more continuous improvement through a multi-faceted approach. Some
of these efforts include more aggressive sales   marketing efforts, improvements in operational efficiency, increased research
  development, lower costs, improved lead times, and to generally increase our customer base. 

All of these items are meant to accommodate
steady increases in revenue and net income so that we can increase shareholder value. Some items will take longer than others,
but progress will proceed with certainty. Although none of us are satisfied with the results from fiscal year ending 2018, we look
forward to a very bright future indeed. I look forward to sharing pertinent news from the Company and summarizing quarterly results
through these newsletters as we always have. 

IN MEMORIAM   

Reginald B. Newman II 

 1937 - 2018 

It is with great sadness that the Company announces
the unexpected passing of Reginald Newman II on April 7, 2018, Taylor Devices  Board Member and Secretary since 2006. Mr.
Newman s contributions to the Company can never be measured. He brought a vast wealth of wisdom and experience to the Board
and was instrumental in bringing significant improvement to the Company for many years. The Company s Management and employees
are eternally grateful to Mr. Newman for his contributions. 

NEW DIRECTORS   

F. Eric Armenat 

We are pleased to announce the appointment of
F. Eric Armenat to the Board of Directors of Taylor Devices on April 27, 2018. 

Mr. Armenat has
more than 37 years of business experience across many industries both private and public. He is currently the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Multisorb Filtration Group, which he successfully spearheaded the sale of in early 2018 from a private equity
owner. Multisorb is the world leader in the active packaging industry, solving complex technical challenges in the pharmaceutical,
food, and industrial markets. We are looking forward to working with Mr. Armenat who is bringing his vast experience in a manufacturing
environment to accommodate, in part, improvement to the manufacturing capability of Taylor Devices . 

Mark V. McDonough 

Mark McDonough, CFO of Taylor Devices, was appointed
as a member of the Board of Directors to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Richard G. Hill. 

Alan R. Klembczyk 

It is with great honor that I have accepted
a position on the Board of Directors to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Douglas Taylor. 

FINANCIAL RESULTS   

 Taylor Devices completed its 2017-2018
fiscal year on May 31, 2018. Sales for 2018 were $ 24,363,967 down slightly from $25,536,996 in 2017. Net income was $443,370 down
from $2,330,577 in 2017. 

 Taylor Devices  firm sales order
backlog at year s end was $23.1 million, compared to $21.6 million at the end of the 2017 fiscal year. 

NEW
ORDERS       -   SEISMIC
/ WIND    

 Listed below are some examples of new
orders for seismic and wind dampers that were received during the past quarter. This is not a complete list, but this will provide
a flavor of some of the new projects we are currently working on. 

n      Special Dampers
for a New Pedestrian Bridge in the US.      

n      Seismic Dampers
for a Manufacturing Plant in Asia      

n      Seismic Dampers
for a Residential Building in Asia       

n      Seismic Dampers
for a 38 Story Residential Building in Central America      

n      Seismic Dampers
for the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, CA      

n      Seismic Dampers
for a Bridge in Asia      

 In a recent press release, it was announced
that Taylor Devices received its largest contract ever worth $7.51 million to supply 96 large seismic dampers for the San Francisco-Oakland
Bay Bridge. Receiving this contract was the result of the significant efforts on behalf of the Sales and Engineering teams at Taylor
Devices over the last few years to design and qualify a special damper with new and proprietary features to meet new requirements
of the California State Department of Transportation. 

NEW ORDERS   AEROSPACE / DEFENSE   

 Although not complete, provided below
is a list of some new military/aerospace projects that we are working on: 

n      Landing Gear Shock
Struts     The Company has received a substantial contract from an overseas aircraft manufacturer.    

n      KC-46 Tanker Aircraft
Program     The Company has received a follow on contract for our energy absorbers for 30 production aircraft.    

n      NASA Space Launch
System    A follow on order was received for more energy absorbers for use on the launch pad of the new SLS Program.
The Program is now scheduled to launch the first Orion spacecraft in early 2020.     

n      Shock Absorbers
for US Navy Carriers    A follow on order was received for shock absorbers for the 2 nd  and 3 rd 
aircraft carriers of the Gerald Ford class of carriers.     

NEXT SHAREHOLDER MAILING   

 Our next Shareholder mailing will be the Notice
of Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Annual Meeting is scheduled for Friday, November 2, 2018 at 11 am at the Millennium Buffalo,
2040 Walden Ave in Cheektowaga. You should be receiving your mailing in September. 

/s/Alan R. Klembczyk  

 By: Alan Klembczyk 

 President 

</EX-20>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tayd-20180531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tayd-20180531_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tayd-20180531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tayd-20180531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tayd-20180531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

