
UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018 
 OR 

For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
   
 Commission File Number: 000-29440 
   
 IDENTIV, INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (949) 250-8888 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   smaller reporting company,  and  emerging growth company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Emerging growth company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of August 1, 2018, the registrant had 15,353,391 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2018 and 2017    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2018 and 2017    
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2018    
 
 6  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2018 and 2017    
 
 7  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 8  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 27  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    
 
 37  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    
 
 38  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    
 
 38  

Item 2.       

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      
 
  39   

Item 6.  

Exhibits    
 
 39  

SIGNATURES    
 
 40  

2  
 
      PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
     Item 1. Financial Statements  
 IDENTIV, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Unaudited, in thousands, except par value)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3  
 
    IDENTIV, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (Unaudited, in thousands, except per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4  
 
    IDENTIV, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
 (Unaudited, in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5  
 
    IDENTIV, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONDENSED CONSOL  IDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY  
 (Unaudited, in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6  
 
    IDENTIV  , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Unaudited, in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
   
 7  
 
    IDENTIV, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 June 30, 2018 
   
 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Identiv, Inc. ( Identiv  or the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been included. The results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2018 or any future period. The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,   Risk Factors,   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  and the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. The preparation of unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements necessarily requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the condensed consolidated balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods presented. The Company may experience significant variations in demand for its products quarter to quarter and typically experiences a stronger demand cycle in the second half of its fiscal year. As a result, the quarterly results may not be indicative of the full year results. The December 31, 2017 balance sheet was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date.  
 Reclassifications      Certain reclassifications have been made to the fiscal year 2017 financial statements to conform to the fiscal year 2018 presentation. The reclassifications had no impact on net loss, total assets, or stockholders  equity.  
   Concentration of Credit Risk    No customer represented more than 10% of net revenue for either of the three or six months ended June 30, 2018 or 2017.     No custo  mer represented 10% or more of the Company s accounts receivable balance at June 30, 2018 or December 31, 2017.   
   
 Business Combinations        Business combinations are accounted for at fair value under the purchase method of accounting. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in general and administrative expenses and changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowances and income tax uncertainties after the acquisition date affect income tax expense. The accounting for business combinations requires estimates and judgment as to expectations for future cash flows of the acquired business, and the allocation of those cash flows to identifiable intangible assets, in determining the estimated fair value for assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The fair values assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. If the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the condensed consolidated financial statements could result in a possible impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, or require acceleration of the amortization expense of finite-lived intangible assets.  
 In circumstances where an acquisition involves a contingent consideration arrangement that meets the definition of a liability under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , the Company recognizes a liability equal to the fair value of the contingent payments the Company expects to make as of the acquisition date. The Company remeasures this liability each reporting period and records changes in the fair value as a component of operating expenses. 
 Results of operations and cash flows of acquired companies are included in the Company s operating results from the date of acquisition. 
   
 Intangible Assets       Amortizable intangible assets include trademarks, developed technology and customer relationships acquired as part of business combinations. Intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives ranging from   four   to twelve years and are reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment. 
   
 8  
 
    Goodwill        In accordance with ASC 350,   Intangibles-Goodwill and Other   ( ASC 350 ), the   Company s goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. In testing for goodwill, the Company compares the f  air value of its reporting unit to its carrying value including the goodwill of that unit. If the carrying value, including goodwill, exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, the Company will recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carryin  g amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. The loss recognized cannot exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.  
   
 Research and Development    Costs to research, design, and develop the Company s products are expensed as incurred and consist primarily of employee compensation and fees for the development of prototype products. Software development costs are capitalized beginning when a product s technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product is available for general release to customers. Generally, the Company s products are released soon after technological feasibility has been established. Costs incurred subsequent to achieving technological feasibility have not been significant and generally have been expensed as incurred. At June 30, 2018, the amount of capitalized software development costs totaled $0.4 million and is included primarily in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. Software development costs capitalized in 2017 totaled $0.4 million. No software development costs were capitalized in 2018.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that the Company adopts as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company does not believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued  Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation  , which provides  guidance to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2017. The Company's adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. No excess income tax benefit or tax deficiencies have been recorded as a result of the adoption and there will be no change to accumulated deficit with respect to previously unrecognized excess tax benefits. The Company is electing to continue to account for forfeitures on an estimated basis. The Company has elected to present the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows on a prospective transition method and no prior periods have been adjusted.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-02,   Leases   ( ASU 2016-02 ), which  amends accounting for leases. Under the new guidance, a lessee will recognize assets and liabilities but will recognize expenses similar to current lease accounting. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018; however early adoption is permitted. The new guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach to each prior reporting period presented with various optional practical expedients. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( Topic 606 ), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition  (Topic 605)  and Subtopic 985-605  Software - Revenue Recognition.  Topic 605 and Subtopic 985-605 are collectively referred to as  Topic 605  or  prior GAAP.  Under Topic 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, Topic 606 requires enhanced disclosures, including disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.  
   
 The Company adopted Topic 606 on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under this method, the Company evaluated contracts that were in effect at the beginning of fiscal 2018 as if those contracts had been accounted for under Topic 606. Under the modified retrospective transition approach, periods prior to the adoption date were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with historical, pre-Topic 606 accounting.  
   
 On the adoption date, a cumulative catch up adjustment was recorded to beginning retained earnings to reflect the impact of all existing arrangements under Topic 606. T he Company increased retained earnings and decreased deferred revenue by approximately $2,000 for an uncompleted software development and technical support services contract with a customer. Under Topic 605 accounting, since the Company  was unable to establish vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value for the product development and technical support services components in the contract, the Company was required to defer the revenue and recognize it over the term of the contract. Under Topic 606, the Company would have been required to establish the standalone selling price of each of the performance obligations in the contract and recognize the product development services revenue upon delivery, and recognize the technical support services revenue ratably over the term of the contract.  
 9  

The Company does not expect the impact of the adoption of Topic 606 to be material to its annual revenue and net income on an ongoing basis.  Revenue generated under Topic 606 is expected to be materially comparable to revenue recognized under Topic 605 in fiscal 2018 primarily due to the elimination of deferred revenue associated with the product development services discussed above that, under Topic 605, would have continued to be recognized into revenue in 2018 and 2019, offset by an increase in the revenue recognized related to the amount and timing of technical support services provided in the contract discussed above. The actual effects on revenue recognized for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 are reported in the table below.   
   
 No incremental sales commission costs or other costs related to obtaining customer contracts were capitalized at the adoption date as they were immaterial. 
   
 The timing of revenue recognition for hardware and professional services is expected to remain substantially unchanged. The Company s overall mix of revenue recognized at a point in time versus over time is expected to increase in the future due to the intended growth and expansion of its services offerings. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2018, approximately 94% and 95%, respectively, of the Company s revenue was recognizable on delivery and 6% and 5%, respectively, over time .  
   
 The following table summarizes the effects of adopting Topic 606 on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2018 (in thousands): 

The following table summarizes the effects of adopting Topic 606 on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended June 30, 2018 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

The adoption of Topic 606 had no impact on the Company s net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities or net cash used in financing activities.  
   
 2. Revenue 
 Revenue Recognition 
   
 Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of the promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company enters into contracts that can include various combinations of its products, licenses, and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation, generally on a relative basis using its standalone selling price. The stated contract value is generally the transaction price to be allocated to the separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers that are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 
   
 Nature of Products and Services 
 The Company derives revenues primarily from sales of hardware products, software licensing, professional services, software maintenance and support, and extended hardware warranties. 
   
 10  
 
    Hardware Product Revenues          The Company generally has two performance obligations in arrangements involving the sale of hardware products. The   first performance obligation is to transfer the hardware product (which includes software integral to the functionality of the hardware product). The second performance obligation is to provide assurance that the product complies with its agreed-upon speci  fications and is free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of one to three years (i.e. assurance warranty). The entire transaction price is allocated to the hardware product is generally recognized as revenue at the time of delivery becaus  e the customer obtains control of the product at that point in time. The Company has concluded that control generally transfers at that point in time because the customer has title to the hardware, physical possession, and a present obligation to pay for t  he hardware. None of the transaction price is allocated to the assurance warranty component, as the Company accounts for these product warranty costs in accordance with ASC 460,   Guarantees  . Payments for hardware contracts are generally due 30 to 60 days af  ter shipment of the hardware product.  
  Software Licensing Revenues         The Company s license arrangements grant customers the perpetual right to access and use the licensed software products at the outset of an arrangement. Technical support and software updates are generally made available throughout the term of the support agreement, which is generally one to three years. The Company accounts for these arrangements as two performance obligations (1) the software licenses, and (2) the related updates and technical support. The software license revenue is recognized upon delivery of the license to the customer, while the software updates and technical support is recognized over the term of the support contract. Payments are generally due 30 to 60 days after delivery of the software licenses.  
   
  Professional Services Revenues           Professional services revenues consist primarily of programming customization services performed relating to the integration of the Company s software products with the customers other systems, such as HR systems. Professional services contracts are generally billed on a time and materials basis and revenue is recognized as the services are performed. For contracts billed on a fixed price basis, revenue is recognized once the contract is complete. Payments for services are generally due when services are performed.  
   
  Software Maintenance and Support Revenues         Support and maintenance contract revenues consist of the services provided to support the specialized programming applications performed by our professional services group. Support and maintenance contracts are typically billed at inception of the contract and recognized as revenue over the contract period, typically over a 1 to 3 year period.  
   
  Extended Hardware Warranties Revenues         Sales of some of our hardware products may also include optional extended hardware warranties, which typically provide assurance that the product will continue function as initially intended. Extended hardware warranty contracts are typically billed at inception of the contract and recognized as revenue over the respective contract period, typically over 1 to 2 year periods after the expiration of the original assurance warranty.  

Performance 
 Obligation  

When Performance Obligation is 
 Typically Satisfied  

When Payment is 
 Typically Due  

How Standalone Selling Price is 
 Typically Estimated  

Hardware products  

When customer obtains control of the product (point-in-time)  

Within 30-60 days of shipment  

Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations  

Software licenses  

When license is delivered to customer or made available for download, and the applicable license period has begun (point-in-time)  

Within 30-60 days of the beginning of license period  

Established pricing practices for software licenses bundled with software maintenance, which are separately observable in renewal transactions  

Professional services  

As services are performed and/or when contract is fulfilled (point-in-time)  

Within 30-60 days of delivery  

Observable in transactions without multiple performance obligations  

Software maintenance 
    and support services  

Ratably over the course of the support contract (over time)  

Within 30-60 days of the beginning of the contract period  

Observable in renewal transactions  

Extended hardware 
    warranties  

Ratably over the course of the support contract (over time)  

Within 30-60 days of the beginning of the contract period  

Observable in renewal transactions  

Significant Judgments 
 The Company s contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. For such arrangements, the Company allocates revenues to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price ( SSP ). 
 11  
 
    Judgment is require  d to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation in a contract. For the majority of items, the Company estimates SSP using historical transaction data. The Company uses a range of amounts to estimate SSP when it sells each of the products an  d services separately and needs to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the various products and services. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when the product or service is not sold sepa  rately, the Company determines the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs.  
 The determination of SSP is an ongoing process and information is reviewed regularly in order to ensure SSPs reflect the most current information or trends. 
   
 Disaggregation of Revenues 
   
 The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers based on the timing of transfer of goods or services to customers (point-in-time or over time) and geographic region based on the shipping location of the customer. The geographic regions that are tracked are the Americas, Europe and the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific regions. The Company operates as four operating segments. 
   
 Total net sales based on the disaggregation criteria described above are as follows (in thousands): 

Information about Contract Balances 
 Amounts invoiced in advance of services being provided are accounted for as deferred revenue. Nearly all of the Company s deferred revenue balance is primarily related software maintenance contracts. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although payment is typically due within 30 to 90 days of contract inception. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the Company has determined its contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of the Company s invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing the Company s products and services, not to receive financing from its customers. 
 Changes in deferred revenue during the six months ended June 30, 2018 were as follows (in thousands): 

12  

Unsatisfied Performance Obligations 
 Revenue expected to be recognized in future periods related to remaining performance obligations, excluding revenue pertaining to contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less, and contracts where revenue is recognized as invoiced, was approximately $2.5 million as of June 30, 2018. Since the Company typically invoices customers at contract inception, this amount is included in deferred revenue balance. As of June 30, 2018, the Company expects to recognize approximately 35% of the revenue related to these unsatisfied performance obligations during the remainder of 2018, 46% during 2019, and 19% thereafter. 
 Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer 
   
 The Company recognizes an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if it expects the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. The Company has determined that certain sales incentive programs (i.e. commissions) meet the requirements to be capitalized. Capitalized incremental costs related to contracts are amortized over the respective contract periods. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2018, total capitalized costs to obtain a contract were immaterial. 
 Practical Expedients 
   
 As discussed in Note 1,  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  and Note 2,  Revenue , the Company has elected the following practical expedients in accordance with Topic 606: 

The Company expenses costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract when the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs include internal sales force compensation programs and certain partner sales incentive programs as the Company has determined annual compensation is commensurate with annual sales activities.     

The Company generally expenses sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expense.     

The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less.     

The Company does not consider the time value of money for contracts with original durations of one year or less.     

3. Business Combinations 
   
 On February 14, 2018, the Company acquired 3VR Security, Inc. ( 3VR ), a video technology and analytics company, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) by and among the Company, Eagle Acquisition, Inc., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger Sub ), 3VR, and Fortis Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acting as Security Holder Representative. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time, Merger Sub merged with and into 3VR and 3VR became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Acquisition ).  
   
 Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the closing of the Acquisition, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of 3VR for total purchase consideration of $6.2 million, consisting of  

(i)   
 
 payment in cash of approximately $1.6 million;      

(ii)   
 
 issuance of subordinated unsecured promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million;     

(iii)   
 
 issuance of 609,830 shares of the Company s common stock with a value of approximately $2.3 million.  An aggregate of up to $1.0 million, or 294,927 shares, of the Company s common stock issuable at the closing of the transaction were held back for a period of up to 12 months following the closing for the satisfaction of certain indemnification claims. On May 9, 2018, the Company and the Security Holder Representative reached agreement as to the satisfaction of certain of the indemnification claims asserted by the Company at the closing of the Acquisition. As a result, the purchase consideration, and the amount of goodwill recorded, were reduced by $660,000. Of the 294,927 shares that were held back at closing, 181,319 shares were canceled. The remaining 93,406 shares continue to be subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement.    

 Additionally, in the event that the Company s subsidiary, 3VR, achieves $24.1 million in product shipments in 2018, the Company will be obligated to issue a further earn-out consideration of $3.5 million payable in shares of the Company s common stock (subject to certain conditions) with a potential maximum earn-out value of $7.0 million in the event that such shipments exceed $48.2 million.  Further, in calendar year 2019, the Company may also be obligated to pay, in cash, and subject to certain conditions, contingent consideration equal to the lesser of (a) 35% of the gross margin of certain products sold and services rendered by 3VR in 2018 pursuant to a supply arrangement and (b) $25.0 million, each subject to adjustments. Management has assessed the probability of the issuance of shares related to the earn-out consideration, and the payment of the contingent consideration noted above, and determined it as remote. Accordingly, no value was ascribed to the earn-out as of June 30, 2018. 
   
 13  
 
    Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded based on valuations derived from estimated fair value assessments and assumptions used by the Company. Such estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the me  asurement period (up to one year from the Acquisition. The following table summarizes the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition (in thousands):  

In June 2018, the Company recorded an adjustment to its accounting for the amount recorded as accounts receivable at acquisition. Accordingly, the fair value of accounts receivable was decreased by $561,000, with a corresponding increase to goodwill and reflected in the Company s purchase price allocation.  
 Acquisition related intangibles included in the above table are finite-lived and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated lives, which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected to be realized, as follows (in thousands): 

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The acquisition of 3VR resulted in $5.8 million of goodwill. With the addition of the 3VR video security and analytics platform, the Company believes this goodwill largely reflects the expansion of its Hirsch product and service offerings through the complementary offerings of 3VR. In accordance with ASC 350, goodwill will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment at least annually.  
   
 The results of operations of 3VR for the period from the acquisition date through June 30, 2018 are included in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. Pursuant to ASC 805,  Business Combinations , the Company incurred and expensed approximately $212,000 and $521,000 in acquisition and transitional costs associated with the acquisition of 3VR during the year ended December 31, 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018, respectively which were primarily general and administrative expenses. 

14  
 
    4. Fair Value Measurements   
 The Company determines the fair values of its financial instruments based on a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The classification of a financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Under ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), the fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value:  

Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets and liabilities in active markets;      

Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that are observable either directly or indirectly; and      

Level 3   Unobservable inputs.      

 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
 As of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, there were no assets that are measured and recognized at fair value on a recurring basis. There were no cash equivalents as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis  
 Certain of the Company's assets, including intangible assets, and privately-held investments, are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis if impairment is indicated. Purchased intangible assets are measured at fair value primarily using discounted cash flow projections. For additional discussion of measurement criteria used in evaluating potential impairment involving goodwill and intangible assets, refer to Note 5,  Goodwill and Intangible Assets .   
 Privately-held investments, which are normally carried at cost, are measured at fair value due to events and circumstances that the Company identified as significantly impacting the fair value of investments. The Company estimates the fair value of its privately-held investments using an analysis of the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, including recent financing activities and the investee's capital structure. 
 As of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, the Company had $0.3 million of privately-held investments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis which were classified as Level 3 assets due to the absence of quoted market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The Company reviews its investments to identify and evaluate investments that have an indication of possible impairment. The Company adjusts the carrying value for its privately-held investments for any impairment if the fair value is less than the carrying value of the respective assets on an other-than-temporary basis. The amount of privately-held investments is included in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value 
 The carrying amounts of the Company's accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, financial liabilities and other accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

5. Stockholders  Equity 
   
 Preferred Stock  
 The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 40,000 of which have been designated as Series A Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 of which have been designated as Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Series B Preferred Stock ). No shares of the Company s Series A Participating Preferred Stock were outstanding as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017. During 2017, the Company s board of directors (the  Board ) authorized the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, 5,000,000 of which were outstanding as of June 30, 2018.  
 The Board may from time to time, without further action by the Company s stockholders, direct the issuance of shares of preferred stock in other series and may, at the time of issuance, determine the rights, preferences and limitations of each series, including voting rights, dividend rights and redemption and liquidation preferences. Satisfaction of any dividend preferences of outstanding shares of preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends on shares of the Company s common stock. Holders of shares of preferred stock may be entitled to receive a preference payment in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company before any payment is made to the holders of shares of the Company s common stock. Upon the affirmative vote of the Board, without stockholder approval, the Company may issue shares of preferred stock with voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect the holders of shares of its common stock. 
 15  
 
    Series B Preferred Stock  
 On December 20, 2017, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with each of 21 April Fund, Ltd. and 21 April Fund, LP (collectively, the  Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company, in a private placement, agreed to issue and sell to the Purchasers an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (collectively referred to as the  Shares ). The Purchasers agreed to purchase an aggregate of 3,000,000 Shares at a price of $4.00 per share in cash at the initial closing of the transaction, and at the sole option of the Company, an additional 2,000,000 Shares at a price of $4.00 per share in cash at a second closing, if any (the  Private Placement ). The total purchase price payable to the Company is $20,000,000, of which $12,000,000 was paid at the initial closing.  
 On May 30, 2018, the Company issued 2,000,000 Shares,  at a price of $4.00 per share in the second closing of the Private Placement.  Gross proceeds to the Company from  the second closing  were approximately $8.0 million, before deducting fees and certain expenses payable by the Company.  
 The proceeds from the issuance of the Shares are required to be used to pay off existing debt obligations of the Company and to fund future acquisitions of technology, business and other assets by the Company. 
   
 Each Share shall be convertible into the Company s common stock (i) following the sixth (6th) anniversary of the initial closing of the Private Placement or (ii) if earlier, during the thirty (30) day period following the last trading day of any period of three (3) or more consecutive trading days that the closing market price of the Company s common stock exceeds $10.00. Each Share is convertible at the option of the holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock into such number of shares of the Company s common stock determined by taking the accreted value of such Share (purchase price plus accrued but unpaid dividends) and dividing such value by the stated value of such Share ($4.00 per share, subject to adjustment for dilutive issuances, stock splits, stock dividends and the like); provided, however, that the Company shall not convert any Shares if doing so would cause the holder thereof, along with its affiliates, to beneficially own in excess of 19.9% of the outstanding common stock immediately after giving effect to the applicable conversion (the  Ownership Limitation ), unless waiver of this restriction has been effected by the holder requesting conversion of Shares.  
   
 Based on the current conversion price, the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock as of June 30, 2018 would be convertible into 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock.  However, the conversion rate will be subject to adjustment in the event of certain instances, such as if the Company issues shares of its common stock at a price less than $4.00 per common share, subject to a minimum conversion price of $3.27 per share.  As of June 30, 2018, none of the contingent conditions to adjust the total common shares to convert the Shares had been met. 
   
 Each Share is entitled to an annual dividend of 5% for the first six (6) years following the issuance of such Share and 3% for each year thereafter, with the Company retaining the option to settle each year s dividend after the tenth (10 th ) year in cash. The dividends accrue and are payable in kind upon such time as the Shares convert into the Company s common stock. In general, the Shares are not entitled to vote except in certain limited cases, including in change of control transactions where the expected price per share distributable to the Company s stockholders is expected to be less than $4.00 per share. The Certificate of Designation with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock further provides that in the event of, among other things, any change of control, liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis with the holders of the common stock, the same amount and form of consideration that the holders of the Company s common stock receive (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock basis and without regard to the Ownership Limitation). 
 Sale of Common Stock  
 In May 2017, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,845,360 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $4.85 per share in an underwritten public offering. The Company received net proceeds of approximately $12.6 million from the sale of the common stock in the public offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and other offering related expenses of $1.2 million.  
 Common Stock Warrants 
 On August 13, 2014, in connection with the Company s entry into a consulting agreement, the Company issued a consultant a warrant to purchase up to 85,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share exercise price of $10.70 (the  2014 Consultant Warrant ). One fourth of the shares under the warrant are exercisable for cash three months from the date the 2014 Consultant Warrant was issued and quarterly thereafter. The 2014 Consultant Warrant expires on August 13, 2019. In the event of an acquisition of the Company, the 2014 Consultant Warrant shall terminate and no longer be exercisable as of the closing of the acquisition. As of June 30, 2018, none of the shares under the 2014 Consultant Warrant had   been exercised. 
 16  
 
    On February 8, 2017, the Company entered into Loan and Security Agreements (each, a  Loan and Security Agreement ) with each of East West Bank ("EWB") and Venture Lending   Leasing VII, Inc. and Venture Lending   Leasing VIII, Inc. (collectively referred t  o as  VLL7 and VLL8 ) as discussed in Note 7,   Financial Liabilities  . The Loan and Security Agreement with EWB, as amended, provides for a $16.0 million revolving loan facility (the  Revolving Loan Facility ), and the Loan and Security Agreement with VLL7 a  nd VLL8 provides for a term loan (the  Term Loan ) in an aggregate principal amount of $10.0 million (the  Term Loan Facility ). In connection with the Company's Revolving Loan Facility, the Company issued to EWB a warrant (the "EWB Warrant") to purchase u  p to 40,000 shares of the Company's common stock at a per share exercise price of $3.64, and in connection with the Company s Term Loan Facility, issued to each of VLL7 and VLL8 a warrant to purchase 290,000 shares of the Company's common stock at a per sh  are exercise price of $2.00 (the  VLL7 Warrant  and the  VLL8 Warrant,  respectively). The Company calculated the fair value of the EWB Warrant, the VLL7 Warrant and the VLL8 Warrant using the Black-Scholes pricing model using the following assumptions: es  timated volatility of 78.8%, risk-free interest rate of 1.94%, no dividend yield, and an expected life of five years. The fair values of the EWB Warrant, the VLL7 Warrant and the VLL8 Warrant of $125,000, $1,037,500 and $1,037,500, respectively, were class  ified as equity as the settlement of the warrants will be in shares and is within the control of the Company. Each of the EWB Warrant, the VLL7 Warrant and the VLL8 Warrant is immediately exercisable for cash or by net exercise and will expire five years a  fter its issuance, or on February 8, 2022. In connection with entering into the Loan and Security Agreements with EWB and VLL7 and VLL8, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 shares of common stock issued to the Company s previous lender were cancel  led.  
 In connection with securing of the new credit facilities and cancelling of all the warrants previously issued to the previous lender, the Company issued a warrant to a consultant to purchase 60,000 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $4.60 per share (the  2017 Consultant Warrant ).  The Company calculated the fair value of the 2017 Consultant Warrant using the Black Scholes pricing model using the following assumptions: estimated volatility of 78.8%, risk-free interest rate of 1.22%, no dividend yield, and an expected life of two years. The fair value of the 2017 Consultant Warrant of $119,000 was classified as equity as the settlement of the warrant will be in shares and is within the control of the Company.  The 2017 Consultant Warrant is immediately exercisable for cash or by net exercise and will expire two years after its issuance, or on February 8, 2019.          
 Below is the summary of outstanding warrants issued by the Company as of June 30, 2018: 

Stock-Based Compensation Plans  
 The Company has a stock-based compensation plan to attract, motivate, retain and reward employees, directors and consultants by providing its Board or a committee of the Board the discretion to award equity incentives to these persons. The Company s stock-based compensation plan consists of the 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2011 Plan ), as amended. Shares are no longer available for issuance under the Company s 2010 Bonus and Incentive Plan (the  2010 Plan ) and the 2007 Stock Option Plan (the  2007 Plan ). 
   
 Stock Bonus and Incentive Plans      
 On June 6, 2011, the Company s stockholders approved the 2011 Plan, which is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board. The 2011 Plan provides that stock options, stock units, restricted shares, and stock appreciation rights may be granted to executive officers, directors, consultants, and other key employees. The Company reserved 400,000 shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan, plus 459,956 shares of common stock that remained available for delivery under the 2007 Plan and the 2010 Plan as of June 6, 2011. In aggregate, as of June 6, 2011, 859,956 shares were available for future grants under the 2011 Plan, including shares rolled over from 2007 Plan and 2010 Plan. Subsequent to June 6, 2011 through December 31, 2017,  the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2011 Plan had been increased by 3,000,000 shares. On May 31, 2018, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2011 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance by 500,000 shares.     
 17  
 
    Stock Option Plans   
 A summary of activity for the Company s stock option plans for the six months ended June 30, 2018 follows: 

The following table summarizes information about options outstanding as of June 30, 2018:  

At June 30, 2018, there was $0.4 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures related to unvested options, that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years.   
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 The following is a summary of restricted stock and restricted stock unit ( RSU ) activity for the six months ended June 30, 2018: 

The fair value of the Company s restricted stock awards and RSUs is calculated based upon the fair market value of the Company s stock at the date of grant. As of June 30, 2018, there was $4.7 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs granted, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9 years. As of June 30, 2018, an aggregate of 1,600,789 RSUs were outstanding under the 2011 Plan. 
 18  
 
    Stock-Based Compensation Expense  
 The following table illustrates all employee stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and RSUs included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands): 

Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance    
 Common stock reserved for future issuance as of June 30, 2018 was as follows: 

Net Loss per Common Share Attributable to Identiv Stockholders  Equity  
 Basic and diluted net loss per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The following common stock equivalents have been excluded from diluted net loss per share for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive: 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   
 Accumulated other comprehensive income at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 consists of foreign currency translation adjustments totaling $2.4 million and $2.7 million, respectively. 
   
 Restricted Stock Unit Net Share Settlements  
 During the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, the Company repurchased 71,635 and 30,015 shares, respectively of common stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of RSUs issued to employees. 

19  
 
    6  . Balance Sheet Components  
 The Company s inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventories consist of (in thousands):  

Property and equipment, net consists of (in thousands):  

The Company recorded depreciation expense of $0.3 million and $0.4 million during each of the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, and $0.6 million and $0.6 million during the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively .   
 Other accrued expenses and liabilities consist of (in thousands): 

7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
   Goodwill 
 The following table summarizes the carrying amount of goodwill resulting from the acquisition of 3VR (in thousands): 

In accordance with ASC 350, the Company tests goodwill with indefinite lives annually for impairment and assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment on an interim basis. The Company performs interim goodwill impairment reviews between its annual reviews if certain events and circumstances have occurred, including a deterioration in general economic conditions, an increased competitive environment, a change in management, key personnel, strategy or customers, negative or declining cash flows, or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods. The Company believes the methodology that it uses to review impairment of goodwill, which includes a significant amount of judgment and estimates, provides it with a reasonable basis to determine whether impairment has occurred. However, many of the factors employed in determining whether its goodwill is impaired are outside of its control and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates will change in future periods. These changes in assumptions and estimates could result in future impairments. During the quarter ended June 30, 2018, the Company noted no indicators of goodwill impairment and concluded no further testing necessary. 
 20  
 
    Intangible Assets  
 The following table summarizes the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization for intangible assets resulting from acquisitions (in thousands): 

Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful lives of purchased intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. If a revision to the remaining period of amortization is warranted, amortization is prospectively adjusted over the remaining useful life of the intangible asset. Intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized over their useful lives as shown in the table above. The Company evaluates its amortizable intangible assets for impairment at the end of each reporting period. The Company did not identify any impairment indicators during the three and six months ended June 30, 2018.  
   
 The following table illustrates the amortization expense included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively (in thousands):  

The estimated annual future amortization expense for purchased intangible assets with definite lives as of June 30, 2018 is as follows (in thousands):  

8. Long-Term Payment Obligation 
 Hirsch Acquisition   Secure Keyboards and Secure Networks . Prior to the 2009 acquisition of Hirsch by the Company, effective November 1994, Hirsch had entered into a settlement agreement (the  1994 Settlement Agreement ) with two limited partnerships, Secure Keyboards, Ltd. ( Secure Keyboards ) and Secure Networks, Ltd. ( Secure Networks ). At the time, Secure Keyboards and Secure Networks were related to Hirsch through certain common shareholders and limited partners, including Hirsch s then President Lawrence Midland, who resigned as President of the Company effective July 31, 2014. Immediately following the acquisition, Mr. Midland owned 30% of Secure Keyboards and 9% of Secure Networks. Secure Networks was dissolved in 2012 and Mr. Midland owned 24.5% of Secure Keyboards upon his resignation effective July 31, 2014.   
 21  
 
    On April 8, 2009, Secure Keyboards, Secure Networks and Hirsch amended and restated the 1994 Settlement Agreement to replace the royalty-based payment arrangement under the 1994 Settlement Agreement with a new, definitive installment payment schedu  le with contractual payments to be made in future periods through 2020 (the  2009 Settlement Agreement ). The Company was not an original party to the 2009 Settlement Agreement as the acquisition of Hirsch occurred subsequent to the 2009 Settlement Agreeme  nt being entered into. The Company has, however, provided Secure Keyboards and Secure Networks with a limited guarantee of Hirsch s payment obligations under the 2009 Settlement Agreement (the  Guarantee ). The 2009 Settlement Agreement and the Guarantee b  ecame effective upon the acquisition of Hirsch on April 30, 2009. The Company s annual payment to Secure Keyboards and Secure Networks in any given year under the 2009 Settlement Agreement is subject to an increase based on the percentage increase in the C  onsumer Price Index during the previous calendar year.   
 The final payment to Secure Networks was made on January 30, 2012 and the final payment to Secure Keyboards is due on January 30, 2021. The Company s payment obligations under the 2009 Settlement Agreement will continue through January 30, 2021, unless the Company elects at any time on or after January 1, 2012 to earlier satisfy its obligations by making a lump-sum payment to Secure Keyboards. The Company does not intend to make a lump-sum payment and therefore a portion of the payment obligation amount is classified as a long-term liability.  
 The Company included $0.1 million and $0.1 million of interest expense during each of the three and six months ended June 30, 2018, respectively, and $0.1 million and $0.2 million of interest expense during the three and six months ended June 30, 2017, respectively, in its condensed consolidated statements of operations for interest accreted on the long-term payment obligation.   
   
 The ongoing payment obligation in connection with the Hirsch acquisition as of June 30, 2018 is as follows (in thousands): 

9. Financial Liabilities  
 Financial liabilities consist of (in thousands):  

Bank Term Loan and Revolving Loan Facility  
 On February 8, 2017, the Company entered into Loan and Security Agreements with EWB and VLL7 and VLL8, which provide for a $16.0 million Revolving Loan Facility and a $10.0 million Term Loan Facility, respectively. In connection with the closing of such agreements, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under its credit agreement with its previous lender. 
 The Revolving Loan Facility, as amended, bears interest at prime rate plus 1.0%, matures and becomes due and payable on February 8, 2019 and includes a non-formula line of credit sublimit of up to $3.0 million. Interest is payable monthly beginning on March 1, 2017. The Company may voluntarily prepay amounts outstanding under the Revolving Loan Facility, without prepayment charges. In the event the Revolving Loan Facility is terminated prior to its maturity, the Company would be required to pay an early termination fee in the amount of 1.0% of the revolving line. Additional borrowing requests under the Revolving Loan Facility are subject to various customary conditions precedent, including satisfaction of a borrowing base test as more fully described in the Revolving Loan Facility. 
 22  
 
    The Term Loan matures on August 8, 2020. Payments under the Term Loan Facility are interest-only for the first twelve months at a per annum   rate of 12.5%, followed by principal and interest payments amortized over the remaining term of the Term Loan. If the Company elects to prepay the Term Loan before its maturity, all accrued and unpaid interest outstanding at the prepayment date will be due   and payable, together with all the scheduled interest that would have accrued and been payable through the stated maturity of the Term Loan, provided that at any time after the Company has made at least twelve scheduled amortization payments of principal   and interest on the Term Loan, the Company shall only be required to pay 80% of the scheduled interest that would have accrued and been payable through the stated maturity of the Term Loan. On December 28, 2017, the Company paid down an aggregate principal   amount of $5.0 million of the $10.0 million outstanding principal balance of its Term Loan Facility. The Company paid to VLL7 and VLL8 approximately $5.9 million, consisting of $5.0 million in outstanding principal, and $0.9 million of accrued and unpaid   interest outstanding at the prepayment date, together with all scheduled interest that would have accrued and been payable through the stated maturity of the Term Loan. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling $1.8 millio  n, representing the difference between the reacquisition price of the repaid portion of the Term Loan and the its net carrying amount.  
  On May 31, 2018, the Company paid off the remaining amounts payable under its $10.0 million principal amount term loan under the Loan and Security Agreement with VLL7 and VLL8.  The Company paid to VLL7 and VLL8 approximately $5.2 million, consisting of $4.6 million in outstanding principal, and $0.6 million of accrued and unpaid interest outstanding at the prepayment date together with all the scheduled interest that would have accrued and been payable through the stated maturity of the term loan. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling $1.4 million, representing the difference between the reacquisition price of the repaid portion of the Term Loan and its carrying amount. 
 The Company is obligated to pay customary fees and expenses, including customary facility fees for credit facilities of this size and type, in the aggregate amount of approximately $120,000, in connection with the closing of the two facilities. An additional facility fee of $40,000 was paid in connection with the Revolving Loan Facility on February 8, 2018. 
   
 Each of the Revolving Loan Facility and the Term Loan Facility contain customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, limits or restrictions on the Company's ability to incur liens, incur indebtedness, make certain restricted payments, merge or consolidate and dispose of assets. The Revolving Loan Facility also contains various financial covenants, including but not limited to a liquidity covenant requiring the Company to maintain at least $4.0 million of cash. In addition, each of the Revolving Loan Facility and the Term Loan Facility contains customary events of default that entitle EWB or VLL7 and VLL8, as appropriate, to cause any or all of the Company's indebtedness under the Revolving Loan Facility or the Term Loan Facility, respectively, to become immediately due and payable. The events of default (some of which are subject to applicable grace or cure periods), include, among other things, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults and material judgment defaults. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, EWB and VLL7 and VLL8 may terminate their lending commitments and/or declare all or any part of the unpaid principal of all loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other amounts payable under the Loan and Security Agreements to be immediately due and payable. 
 As of June 30, 2018, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Revolving Loan Facility. 
 The proceeds of the Term Loan and the initial draw under the Revolving Loan Facility, after payment of fees and expenses, were used to repay all outstanding amounts under the credit agreement with the Company s previous lender. In connection with the repayment, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 shares of common stock issued to the Company s previous lender were cancelled. The proceeds of any additional draws under the Revolving Loan Facility will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
   
 On February 14, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of 3VR. As part of the purchase price consideration paid in the acquisition of 3VR, the Company issued subordinated unsecured promissory notes ( notes payable ) in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million, with an annual interest rate of 3.0%, payable on the one year anniversary of the closing date. On February 21, 2018, the Company paid 3VR s lender $3.6 million in full repayment of all indebtedness outstanding of 3VR.  
   
 10. Income Taxes  
 The Company conducts business globally and, as a result, files federal, state and foreign tax returns.  The Company strives to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. While the Company has accrued for amounts it believes are the probable outcomes, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the condensed consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, the Company may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise its right to appeal.  
 23  
 
    In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the  Act ) was signed into law making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code.  Changes in  clude, but are not limited to, a corporate tax rate decrease from 35% to 21% effective for tax years after December 31, 2017, the transition of U.S. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial system, and a one-time transition tax o  n the mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings, as of December 31, 2017.  
 As the Company s previously unremitted earnings have now been subjected to U.S. federal income tax, any repatriation of these earnings to the U.S. would not be expected to incur significant additional taxes related to such amounts. The Company continues to assert that its foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested in its overseas operations, but in light of the Act, the Company continues to evaluate its position on that assertion. 
 The Company applies the provisions of, and accounted for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ), which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements. It prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.  
 The Company generally is no longer subject to tax examinations for years prior to 2013. However, if loss carryforwards of tax years prior to 2013 are utilized in the U.S., these tax years may become subject to investigation by the tax authorities. While timing of the resolution and/or finalization of tax audits is uncertain, the Company does not believe that its unrecognized tax benefits would materially change in the next 12 months.  
   
 11. Segment Reporting and Geographic Information  
 ASC 280,  Segment Reporting  ( ASC 280 ) establishes standards for the reporting by public business enterprises of information about operating segments, products and services, geographic areas, and major customers. The method for determining what information to report is based on the way management organizes the operating segments within the Company for making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenses and about which separate financial information is available to its chief operating decision makers ( CODM ). The Company s CODM is its CEO.  
 The Company is organized into four reportable operating segments: Premises, Identity, Credentials and All Other. 
 The CODM reviews financial information and business performance for each operating segment. The Company evaluates the performance of its operating segments at the revenue and gross profit levels. The Company does not report total assets, capital expenditures or operating expenses by operating segment as such information is not used by the CODM for purposes of assessing performance or allocating resources. 
 24  
 
    Net revenue and gross profit information by segment for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 is as follows (in thousands):  

Geographic net revenue is based on the customer s ship-to location. Information regarding net revenue by geographic region for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 is as follows (in thousands):  

25  
 
    Long-lived assets by geographic location as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 are as follows (in thousands):   

12. Restructuring and Severance     
 On February 14, 2018, the Company acquired 3VR. As a result of the acquisition, in the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company incurred restructuring and severance expenses of $0.4 million, consisting primarily of facility rental related costs of $0.2 million and severance related costs of $0.2 million. In the first quarter of 2018, the Company engaged a property management firm to actively market and search for a tenant to sublease the newly acquired 3VR office facility in San Francisco, California. The Company currently occupies only a small area of the leased space.  
 No restructuring accrual was recorded at June 30, 2018 as the Company has not yet ceased use of the facility. At June 30, 2017, unpaid restructuring and severance accruals are included in other accrued expenses and liabilities within current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Restructuring and severance activities during the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 were as follows (in thousands): 

13. Commitments and Contingencies 
   
 The following table summarizes the Company s principal contractual commitments as of June 30, 2018 (in thousands):  

Purchase commitments for inventories are highly dependent upon forecasts of customer demand. Due to the uncertainty in demand from its customers, the Company may have to change, reschedule, or cancel purchases or purchase orders from its suppliers. These changes may lead to vendor cancellation charges on these purchases or contractual commitments.  
   
 The Company provides warranties on certain product sales for periods ranging from 12 to 24 months, and allowances for estimated warranty costs are recorded during the period of sale. The determination of such allowances requires the Company to make estimates of product return rates and expected costs to repair or to replace the products under warranty. The Company currently establishes warranty reserves based on historical warranty costs for each product line combined with liability estimates based on the prior 12 months  sales activities. If actual return rates and/or repair and replacement costs differ significantly from the Company s estimates, adjustments to recognize additional cost of sales may be required in future periods.  
 26  
 
        IT  EM 2.   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 This Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Quarterly Report ) contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements reflect current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as  will,   believe,   could,   should,   would,   may,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   estimate,   expect,   project  or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 under the heading  Risk Factors,  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 
 Each of the terms the  Company,   Identiv,   we  and  us  as used herein refers collectively to Identiv, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.  
 Overview 
 Identiv is a global security technology company that secures and manages access to physical places, things and information. Global organizations in government, education, retail, transportation, healthcare and other markets rely upon our solutions. We empower them to create secure and convenient experiences in schools, government offices, factories, critical infrastructure, transportation, hospitals and virtually every type of facility and for a wide range of products. 
 Our operating segments focus on the following solutions: 

Physical security and customer insight solutions, securing buildings via an integrated access control system, included in our Premises segment.     

Information security solutions, securing enterprise information access and secure transactions across PCs, networks, email, login, secure payments and printers via delivery of smart card reader products, included in our Identity segment.     

Radio frequency identification ( RFID ) based solutions for use in a wide range of applications from asset tracking to product authenticity, customer engagement, product instrumentation, transportation access and other applications sometimes included in the Internet of Things ( IoT ). The RFID devices are embedded into access cards, transponders and other embedded devices that enable frictionless access to and interaction with the physical world.     

The foundation of our business is our deep technical expertise in RFID, smart card technology, and physical security technologies. Our close customer relationships and analytics platforms allow us to develop customer-relevant products and applications. This is underpinned by our core value of uncompromising quality. 
 To deliver these solutions, we have organized our operations into four reportable business segments, principally by product families: Premises, Identity, Credentials, and All Other.  
 Premises 
 The foundation of our physical security platform has been the Hirsch line of controllers including the advanced MX line, Hirsch's Velocity management software and a wide range of integrations that provide Velocity/MX s unique flexibility across a wide range of industries and implementations.  We have further extended our physical access platform with our Identiv Connected Physical Access Manager ( ICPAM ) software, derived from Cisco s Physical Access Manager ( CPAM ) system and available in partnership with Cisco. Additionally, we sell either individual components or complete bundled solutions which can include any or all among software, edge controllers, multi-door panels, access readers, access cards and other components. 
 In February 2018, we acquired 3VR Security, Inc. ( 3VR ), a video technology and analytics company. With the acquisition, we have added the 3VR video security and analytics platform, which is a natural complement to our Hirsch line.  Nearly all customers for access control are customers for video security, and vice versa.  Additionally, the events and data generated by both platforms combine to create what we believe to be uniquely valuable information for our customers to provide frictionless yet robust security.  3VR s platform is architected as an analytics system, proven across applications in the retail, banking, and other vertical markets, and valuable to our traditional Hirsch and ICPAM markets in government, education, critical infrastructure, transportation and others.  Additionally, we sell either individual components or complete bundled solutions which can include any or all among software, edge controllers, multi-door panels, access readers, access cards, 3VR appliances and other components. 
 27  
 
    Our modular Hirsch MX controllers are designed to be scalable, allowing customers to start with a small system and expand over ti  me. Hirsch MX controllers can operate autonomously, whether as a single controller or as part of a networked system with Velocity software. The Hirsch Velocity software platform enables centralized management of access and security operations across an org  anization, including control of doors, gates, turnstiles, elevators and other building equipment, monitoring users as they move around a facility, preventing unwanted access, maintaining compliance and providing a robust audit trail.  
 To our price/performance/quality-leading commercial offerings, we have added what we believe to be the highest performance, lowest per-door cost access control system for the U.S. federal government security mandate known as the Federal Identity, Credential and Access Management ( FICAM ) architecture.  This brings all of the advantages above into the next generation of physical security for the U.S. government departments and agencies to achieve Federal Information Processing Standard ( FIPS ) 201 compliance. 
 Our TouchSecure ( TS ) door readers provide unique features to support a wide range of security standards. We support the majority of legacy card credentials with a robust next-generation platform that can help companies migrate to more secure credentials and technologies, including smart cards, near field communication ("NFC") and government-issued credentials including Common Access Card ( CAC ), Personal Verification Identification ( PIV ), Personal Verification Identification   Interoperable ( PIV-I ) and others. Additionally, our Scramblepad readers employ numerical scrambling on the keypad to protect access codes from being stolen as they are entered, and providing both secure two-factor authentication and convenient alternative-factor access. 
 In addition to this solution offering, in 2017, we launched Identiv Global Services ( IGS ), a service offering with a comprehensive catalog of end-to-end services that facilitates customer success and drives deeper adoption of the Identiv product portfolio. IGS supports customers throughout their premises security lifecycle from system design, to deployment to managed services.  IGS experts enable customers to address today s complex security and IT systems interoperability requirements, and help them achieve a tailor-made set-up. 
 In addition to our core products, we have a range of product initiatives to leverage leading technology advances across mobile, biometric, machine-learning and other areas, to provide convenient, frictionless, low-cost yet highly secure physical access.   We invest independently and in partnership with other leading technology companies in these emerging aspects of physical security and analytics platforms.  
 Identity 
 Our Identity products include smart card readers, which includes a broad range of contact, contactless, portable and mobile smart card readers, tokens and terminals that are utilized around the world to enable logical access (i.e., PC, network or data access) and security and identification applications, such as national ID, payment, e-Health and e-Government. 
 With over 20 years of smart card reader, application and token experience, we are known for our expertise in this complex ecosystem.  We combine our deep technical expertise with an optimized supply chain, to provide what we believe to be the most optimal, cost-effective and high-quality smart card-based products.  Whether Identiv branded products, original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ) branded, or embedded chips or modules, our position is as the trusted business solution provider for users and issuers of smart cards and embedded-chip applications. 
 Credentials 
 Our Credentials segment includes NFC and RFID products, including inlays, inlay based and other cards, labels, tags and stickers, as well as other radio frequency ( RF ) and integrated circuits ( IC ) components and are generally grouped into access cards and transponders. Our TS Cards product line, we believe, is the first complete solution to allow customers to pay only for the most basic low-frequency proximity access technology while having the ability to evolve to the higher-security high-frequency and highest-security public key infrastructure ( PKI ) based access credentials.  This product line exemplifies our values:  we place no burden on our customers, instead providing the most cost-effective solution to their basic needs; and then deliver within this platform the ability for them to move to higher-level needs and capabilities, when they want, when they are ready and when they will realize economic and experience benefits. 
 Our transponder products span the full range of high frequency ( HF ) and ultra-high frequency ( UHF ) technologies.  Our differentiation is analogous to application-specific integrated circuits ( ASICS ) in the semiconductor market.  We leverage our flexible platform, our deep technical expertise and our infrastructure and supply chain to deliver solutions optimized for our customers  business goals.  We believe we are more responsive, more flexible, more experienced in business-optimized solutions and have a better track record of sustained delivery of solution-specific, high-quality RFID devices than our competitors. Our credentials products are manufactured in our state-of-the-art facility in Singapore and are used in a diverse range of physical applications, including electronic entertainment such as virtual reality ( VR ), games, loyalty cards, mobile payment systems, transit and event ticketing, brand authenticity from pharmaceuticals to consumer goods, hospital resource management, cold-chain management and many others.   
 28  
 
    Leveraging our expertise in RFID, physical access and physical authentication, we are developing new solutions to extend our platforms across a wide variety of physical use cases.  The next major opportunity in our connected world is th  e IoT, which fundamentally is about physical things.  We believe our core strength in physical access and physical instrumentation markets, our well-established platforms and our deep knowledge of the relevant technologies, position us well in this growth   market.   
 All Other  
 The All Other segment included legacy product lines, such as Chipdrive and Digital Media readers. No revenues from this segment were generated in 2018 and nominal revenues were generated in 2017. No revenues are expected to be generated in future periods. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we phased out our Digital Media product lines and discontinued our Chipdrive product line.   
 We primarily conduct sales and marketing activities in each of the markets in which we compete, utilizing our own sales and marketing organization to solicit prospective channel partners and customers, provide technical advice and support with respect to products, systems and services, and manage relationships with customers, distributors and/or OEMs. We utilize indirect sales channels that may include OEMs, dealers, systems integrators, value added resellers, resellers or Internet sales, although we also sell directly to end users. In support of our sales efforts, we participate in industry events and conduct sales training courses, targeted marketing programs, and ongoing customer, channel partner and third-party communications programs. 
 For a discussion of our net revenue by segment and geographic location, see Note 11,  Segment Reporting and Geographic Information,  in the accompanying notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 Trends in Our Business 
 Geographic net revenue based on each customer s ship-to location is as follows (in thousands): 

Net Revenue Trends  
 Net revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2018 increased 30% compared with the first six months of 2017. Approximately 44% of our net revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2018 came from our Premises segment. Net revenue in the Premises segment was $16.3 million and $11.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Net revenue in the Identity segment, which represented approximately 16% of total net revenue, was $5.9 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to $7.1 million in the prior year period. Net revenue in our Credentials segment represented approximately 40% of our net revenue. Net revenue in the Credentials segment was $14.6 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to $9.9 million in the comparable period in 2017.   
 Net Revenue in the Americas 
 Net revenue in the Americas was approximately $29.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018, accounting for 79% of total net revenue, and was up 57% compared to $18.6 million in the six months of 2017.  Net revenue from our Premises solutions for security programs within various U.S. government agencies and commercial customers for access control and video solutions, as well as reader, controller and appliance products, represented approximately 50% of our net revenue in the Americas region.   
 29  
 
    Net revenue in our Premises segment for the six months ended June 30, 2018 increased 5% compared to the prior year period primarily due to additional sales of video technology and analytics hardware and software products and related support services    following the acquisition of 3VR in February 2018, as well as higher sales of physical access control solutions and products, higher sales through our channel partners, and higher software product sales. Net revenue in our Identity segment increased 78% i  n the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to the comparable period of the previous year primarily due to higher smart card reader sales. Net revenue in our Credentials segment increased 68% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared with the same p  eriod of the prior year primarily due to higher access card sales, partially offset by lower sales of RFID and NFC transponder products.  
 As a general trend, U.S. Federal agencies continue to be subject to security improvement mandates under programs such as Homeland Security Presidential Directive-12 ( HSPD-12 ) and reiterated in memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB M-11-11 ). We believe that our solution for trusted physical access is an attractive offering to help federal agency customers move towards compliance with federal directives and mandates. To address our sales opportunities in the United States in general and with our U.S. Government customers in particular, we focus on a strong U.S. sales organization and our sales presence in Washington D.C. 
 Net Revenue in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific 
 Net revenue in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific was approximately $7.7 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018, accounting for 21% of total net revenue and was down 20% compared to $9.6 million in the first six months of 2017 primarily as a result of lower sales in our Asia-Pacific region, partially offset by higher sales in our Europe and the Middle East region. Net revenue in these regions are very dependent on the completion of large projects and the timing of orders placed by some of our customers. Sales of Identity readers and RFID and NFC products and tags comprise a significant proportion of our net revenue in these regions.  
 Net revenue from our Premises products increased 70% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 from the prior year period due to higher sales of physical access control solutions in the Europe and the Middle East region, partially offset by a decrease in sales in the Asia-Pacific region. Net revenue from our Identity products decreased by approximately 55% in the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared with the same period of the prior year primarily due to sales of smart card readers for a government project in the Asia-Pacific region in the first six months of 2017. Identity readers comprised approximately 30% of the net revenue in both the Europe and the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific regions in the first six months of 2018. Net revenue from our Credentials products, which comprised approximately 47% of sales in both the Europe and the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific regions in the first six months of 2018, was comparable with the same period of the prior year primarily as a result of higher transponder and access card product sales in Europe and the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific regions, offset by lower access card product sales in the Asia-Pacific region.  
 Seasonality and Other Factors 
 In our business overall, we may experience significant variations in demand for our offerings from quarter to quarter, and typically experience a stronger demand cycle in the second half of our fiscal year. Sales of our physical access control solutions and related products to U.S. Government agencies are subject to annual government budget cycles and generally are highest in the third quarter of each year. However, the usual seasonal trend can be negatively impacted by actions such as government shutdowns and the passing of continuing resolutions which can act to delay the completion of certain projects. Sales of our identity reader chips, many of which are sold to government agencies worldwide, are impacted by testing and compliance schedules of government bodies as well as roll-out schedules for application deployments, both of which contribute to variability in demand from quarter to quarter. Further, this business is typically subject to seasonality based on differing commercial and global government budget cycles.  Lower sales are expected in the U.S. in the first half, and in particular the first quarter of the year, with higher sales typically in the second half of each year. In Asia-Pacific, with fiscal year-ends in March and June, order demand can be higher in the first quarter as customers attempt to complete projects before the end of the fiscal year. Accordingly, our net revenue levels in the first quarter each year often depends on the relative strength of project completions and sales mix between our U.S. customer base and our international customer base.  
 In addition to the general seasonality of demand, overall U.S. Government expenditure patterns have a significant impact on demand for our products due to the significant portion of revenues that are typically sourced from U.S. Government agencies. Therefore, any significant reduction in U.S. Government spending could adversely impact our financial results and could cause our operating results to fall below any guidance we provide to the market or below the expectations of investors or security analysts. 
 30  
 
    Operating Expense Trends   
 Base Operating Expenses   
 Our base operating expenses (i.e., research and development, selling and marketing, and general and administrative spending) increased 26% in the first six months of 2018 compared with the same period of 2017. Research and development spending increased by 18% in the first six months of 2018 compared with the same period of 2017 resulting from additional headcount and external contractor costs associated with the acquisition of 3VR in the first quarter of 2018. Selling and marketing spending in the first six months of 2018 increased by 23% compared with the same period of 2017, due to the additional headcount and related costs associated with the acquisition of 3VR in the first quarter of 2018 and higher external contractor costs compared to the same period in the prior year. General and administrative spending in the first six months of 2018 increased 37% from the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher transaction related costs associated with the acquisition of 3VR in February of 2018, and the effect of reimbursements received in the first quarter of 2017 from our insurance provider for legal fees incurred in connection with matters related to a complaint by a former employee, related investigations, the class and derivative litigation and related proceedings, and reductions in our legal accruals.  
 Results of Operations  
 The following table includes segment net revenue and segment net profit information for our Premises, Identity, Credentials and All Other segments and reconciles gross profit to results of continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest      (in thousands): 

31  
 
    Net Revenue   
 Total net revenue in the second quarter of 2018 was $20.3 million, up 37% compared with $14.8 million in the second quarter of 2017.  For the six months ended June 30, 2018, total net revenue was $36.8 million, up 30% compared with $28.2 million for the comparable period for 2017.  Total net revenue was higher in the second quarter of 2018 and the first six months of 2018, mainly driven by higher sales in our Premises and Credentials segments. A more detailed discussion of net revenue by segment follows below. 
 Net revenue in our Premises segment was $8.8 million in the second quarter of 2018, an increase of 53% from $5.8 million in the second quarter of 2017. In the six months ended June 30, 2018, net revenue in our Premises segment was $16.3 million, an increase of 47% from $11.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2017.  The increases were primarily due to additional sales of video technology and analytics hardware and software products and related support services following the acquisition of 3VR in February 2018, as well as higher sales of physical access control solutions, higher sales through our channel partners, and higher software sales.  
 Net revenue in our Identity segment of $3.2 million in the second quarter of 2018 decreased 22% from $4.1 million in the second quarter of 2017. In the six months ended June 30, 2018, net revenue in our Identity segment was $5.9 million, a decrease of 17% from $7.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2017.  The decreases were primarily due to sales of smart card readers for a government project in the Asia-Pacific region in the first six months of 2017, partially offset by higher smart card reader sales in the Americas region.  
 Net revenue in our Credentials segment was $8.3 million in the second quarter of 2018, an increase of 66% from $5.0 million in the second quarter of 2017. In the six months ended June 30, 2018, net revenue in our Credentials segment was $14.6 million, an increase of 46% from $9.9 million in the six months ended June 30, 2017. The increases were primarily a result of higher access card product sales in the Americas region, and higher RFID and NFC transponder product sales in the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions.  
 Gross Profit  
 Gross profit for the second quarter of 2018 was $8.2 million, or 40% of net revenue, compared with $5.7 million or 38% of net revenue in the second quarter of 2017. In the six months ended June 30, 2018, gross profit was $14.7 million, or 40% of net revenue, compared with $11.4 million, or 40% of net revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2017. Gross profit represents net revenue less direct cost of product sales, manufacturing overhead, other costs directly related to preparing the product for sale including freight, scrap, inventory adjustments and amortization, where applicable.  
 In our Premises segment, gross profit on sales of physical access control solutions, including panels, controllers, and access readers, and sales of video technology and analytics hardware and software products, and related support services, was $4.8 million in the second quarter of 2018 and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2017, and $9.0 million and $6.1 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Gross profit margins in the Premises segment of 55% were higher in the second quarter of 2018 compared to 53% in the comparable period of 2017 primarily attributable to the impact of a higher proportion of higher margin sales within the segment. Gross profit margins in this segment for the six months ended June 30, 2018 were comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
 In our Identity segment, gross profit on sales of information security readers, smart card reader modules and reader chipsets was $1.1 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to $1.3 million in the second quarter of 2017, and $2.0 million and $2.4 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Gross profit margins in the Identity segment of 35% were higher in the second quarter of 2018 compared to 32% in the comparable period of 2017 primarily due to product mix with a higher proportion of higher margin smart card sales in 2018. Gross profit margins in this segment for the six months ended June 30, 2018 were comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
 In our Credentials segment, gross profit on sales of physical access cards and transponder related products for identification, authenticity and tracking applications was $2.2 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to $1.3 million in the second quarter of 2017, and $3.7 million and $2.8 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively .  Gross profit margins in the Credentials segment in the second quarter of 2018 were comparable to the same period in the prior year. Gross profit margins in this segment for the six months ended June 30, 2018 of 25% were lower compared to 28% in the comparable period of 2017 primarily due to the impact of higher a proportion of lower margin access card sales.  
 We expect there will be variation in our gross profit from period to period, as our gross profit has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, competition, product pricing, the volume of sales in any given quarter, manufacturing volumes, product configuration and mix, the availability of new products, product enhancements, software and services, risk of inventory write-downs and the cost and availability of components.  
 32  
 
    Operating Expenses   
 Information about our operating expenses for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 is set forth below (dollars in thousands).  
 Research and Development  

Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee compensation and fees for the development of hardware, software and firmware products. We focus the bulk of our research and development activities on the continued development of existing products and the development of new offerings for emerging market opportunities. 
 Research and development expenses in the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 increased compared to the comparable prior year periods primarily attributable to the additional headcount and external contractor costs associated with the acquisition of 3VR in the first quarter of 2018. 
 Selling and Marketing 

Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of employee compensation as well as amortization expense of certain intangible assets, customer lead generation activities, tradeshow participation, advertising and other marketing and selling costs.  
 Selling and marketing expenses in the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 increased compared to the prior year periods primarily due to the additional headcount and related costs associated with the acquisition of 3VR in the first quarter of 2018 and higher external service and contractor costs compared to the same period in the prior year.  
 General and Administrative  

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation expense for employees performing administrative functions as well as professional fees arising from legal, auditing and other professional services.  
 General and administrative expenses in the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 were higher compared to the same periods of the prior year primarily due to $0.5 million in transaction related costs associated with the acquisition of 3VR in February of 2018, the impact of reimbursements received of $0.3 million in the first quarter of 2017 from our insurance provider for legal fees incurred in connection with matters related to a complaint by a former employee, related investigations, the class and derivative litigation and related proceedings, and reductions in our legal accruals of $0.4 million. 
 Restructuring and Severance Charges  

33  
 
    Restructuring and severance expenses consist primarily of facility rent  al related costs of $0.2 million and severance related costs of $0.2 million associated with the acquisition of 3VR. In the first quarter of 2018, we engaged a property management firm to actively market and search for a tenant to sublease the newly acquir  ed 3VR office facility in San Francisco, California. We currently occupy only a small area of the leased space.    
   
 See Note 12,  Restructuring and Severance,  in the accompanying notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for more information.  
 Interest Expense, Net and (Loss) Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 

Interest expense, net consists of interest on financial liabilities and interest accretion expense for a liability on a long-term payment obligation arising from our acquisition of Hirsch Electronics Corporation. The lower net interest expense in the second quarter of 2018 and the first six months of 2018 is primarily attributable to the $5.0 million principal pay down of our $10.0 million term loan in December 2017, and the subsequent payment of the remaining principal amounts outstanding of $5.0 million in May 2018. 
 For the three and six months ended June 30, 2018, the loss on extinguishment of debt represents the  difference between the reacquisition price of the remaining amounts outstanding under our term loan and its net carrying amount. See Note 9,   Financial Liabilities  , in the accompanying notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for more information.   
 Foreign Currency Gains (Losses), Net  

Changes in currency valuation in the periods mainly were the result of exchange rate movements between the U.S. dollar and the Euro. Accordingly, they are predominantly non-cash items. Our foreign currency gains and losses primarily result from the valuation of current assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the respective entity in the local financial statements.  
 Income Taxes  

As of June 30, 2018, our deferred tax assets are fully offset by a valuation allowance. Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 740,  Income Taxes , provides for the recognition of deferred tax assets if realization of such assets is more likely than not. Based upon the weight of available evidence, which includes historical operating performance, reported cumulative net losses since inception and difficulty in accurately forecasting our future results, we provided a full valuation allowance against all of our net U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets. We reassess the need for our valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. If it is later determined that a portion or all of the valuation allowance is not required, it generally will be a benefit to the income tax provision in the period such determination is made.  
 We recorded an income tax provision during the three and six months ended June 30, 2018. The effective tax rates for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 differ from the federal statutory rate of 21% (34% for June 30, 2017) primarily due to a change in valuation allowance, a true-up of prior taxes, changes to uncertain tax positions, and the provision or benefit in certain foreign jurisdictions, which are subject to lower tax rates.  
 34  
 
    Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As of June 30, 2018, our working capital, which we define as current assets less current liabilities, was $15.4 million, a decrease of $7.6 million compared to $23.0 million as of December 31, 2017. As of June 30, 2018, our cash balance was $17.9 million. 
  On February 8, 2017, we entered into Loan and Security Agreements (each, a  Loan and Security Agreement ) with EWB and VLL7 and VLL8. The Loan and Security Agreement with EWB provides for a $10.0 million revolving loan facility, and the Loan and Security Agreement with VLL7 and VLL8 provides for a term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $10.0 million. In connection with the closing of both Loan and Security Agreements, we repaid all outstanding amounts under our credit agreement with our previous lender.   See Note 9,   Financial Liabilities  , in the accompanying notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more information.    
 On December 28, 2017, we paid down an aggregate principal amount of $5.0 million of the $10.0 million outstanding principal balance of the term loan under the Loan and Security Agreement with VLL7 and VLL8, and $0.9 million of accrued and unpaid interest outstanding at the prepayment date, together with all the scheduled interest that would have accrued and been payable through the stated maturity of the term loan. On May 31, 2018, we repaid the remaining amounts payable under the term loan of approximately $5.2 million, consisting of $4.6 million in outstanding principal, and $0.6 million of accrued and unpaid interest outstanding at the prepayment date together with all the scheduled interest that would have accrued and been payable through the stated maturity of the term loan. See Note 9,  Financial Liabilities , in the accompanying notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 On December 20, 2017, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with each of 21 April Fund, Ltd. and 21 April Fund, LP (collectively, the  Purchasers ), in which we, through a private placement, agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 shares of Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock. The Purchasers purchased an aggregate of 3,000,000 preferred shares at a price of $4.00 per share in cash at the initial closing of the transaction. On May 30, 2018, we completed the second closing of the private placement of 2,000,000 preferred shares  at a price of $4.00 per share.  The total purchase price paid to us was $20,000,000, of which $12,000,000 was paid at the initial closing and $8,000,000 at the second closing. We are required to use the proceeds from the issuance of the preferred shares to pay off existing debt obligations and to fund future acquisitions of technology, business and other assets. See Note 5,  Stockholders  Equity , in the accompanying notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 As our previously unremitted earnings have been subjected to U.S. federal income tax, we expect any repatriation of these earnings to the U.S. would not incur significant additional taxes related to such amounts. However, our estimates are provisional and subject to further analysis. Generally, most of our foreign subsidiaries have accumulated deficits and cash and cash equivalents that are held outside the United States are typically not cash generated from earnings that would be subject to tax upon repatriation if transferred to the United States. We have access to the cash held outside the United States to fund domestic operations and obligations without any material income tax consequences. As of June 30, 2018, the amount of cash included at such subsidiaries was $1.9 million. We have not, nor do we anticipate the need to, repatriate funds to the United States to satisfy domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business, including liquidity needs associated with our domestic debt service requirements.  
 We have historically incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities, and we may continue to incur losses in the future. As of June 30, 2018, we have a total accumulated deficit of $404.4 million. During the six months ended June 30, 2018, we incurred a consolidated net loss of $5.0 million. 
 We believe our existing cash balance, together with cash generated from operations and available credit under our Loan and Security Agreement, will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital needs to fund operations for the next twelve months. We may also use cash to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products that would change our cash requirements. We may also finance our cash requirements through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or other arrangements. However, there can be no assurance that additional capital, if required, will be available to us or that such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to stockholders could result. Any equity securities issued also may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings could impose significant restrictions on our operations. The incurrence of additional indebtedness or the issuance of certain equity securities could result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or issue additional equity, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Our Loan and Security Agreement imposes restrictions on our operations, increases our fixed payment obligations and has restrictive covenants. In addition, the issuance of additional equity securities by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If we are not able to secure additional funding when needed, we may have to curtail or reduce the scope of our business or forgo potential business opportunities. 
 35  
 
    The following summarizes our cash flows fo  r the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands):   

Cash flows from operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities for the six months ended June 30, 2018 was primarily due to the net loss of $5.0 million and  a decrease in cash from net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $2.1 million, partially offset by adjustments for certain non-cash items of $4.6 million, consisting primarily of depreciation, amortization, amortization of debt issuance costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, and stock-based compensation. For the six months ended June 30, 2017, cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the net loss of $2.6 million and a decrease in cash from net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $2.4 million, partially offset by adjustments for certain non-cash items of $2.3 million. 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Cash used in investing activities for the six months ended June 30, 2018 was $1.6 million, of which $1.4 million related to the acquisition of 3VR net of cash acquired, and $0.2 million related to capital expenditures. Cash used in investing activities for the six months ended June 30, 2017 was $0.3 million and related to capital expenditures.  
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2018 related to borrowings of debt, net of issuance costs, of $12.3 million, and issuance of $7.9 million of Series B preferred stock, net of issuance costs, offset by repayments of debt of $16.6 million and taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units of $0.3 million. Cash provided by financing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2017 was attributable borrowings of debt, net of issuance costs, of $31.4 million, proceeds from the sale of our common stock, net of issuance costs of $12.6 million, offset by repayments of debt of $32.1 million and taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units of $0.2 million. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Significant commitments that will require the use of cash in future periods include obligations under operating leases, our contractual payment obligation assumed upon our acquisition of Hirsch, debt obligations, purchase commitments and other obligations. Gross committed operating lease obligations are $4.8 million, our contractual payment obligation assumed upon our acquisition of Hirsch is $3.2 million, the revolving loan facility and interest related obligation is $13.7 million, notes payable of $2.0 million, and purchase commitments and other obligations are $15.5 million at June 30, 2018. Total commitments due within one year are $30.1 million and due thereafter are $9.1 million at June 30, 2018. These commitment levels are based on existing terms of our operating leases, obligation with suppliers, our contractual payment obligation and our existing loan agreements as of June 30, 2018. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 We have not entered into off-balance sheet arrangements, or issued guarantees to third parties.  
 36  
 
    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to establish accounting policies that contain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These policies relate to revenue recognition, inventory, income taxes, goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets and stock-based compensation. We have other important accounting policies and practices; however, once adopted, these other policies either generally do not require us to make significant estimates or assumptions or otherwise only require implementation of the adopted policy and not a judgment as to the policy itself. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Despite our intention to establish accurate estimates and assumptions, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
   
 As a result of adopting ASC 606 as of January 1, 2018, and the acquisition of 3VR in the first quarter of 2018, there have been material changes in our critical accounting policies during the three months ended June 30, 2018, as described in Note 1,  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  Note 2,  Revenue,  and Note 3,  Business Combinations,  to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item I of this Form 10-Q.  With the exception of these changes, during the three months ended June 30, 2018, management believes there have been no significant changes to the items that we disclosed within our critical accounting policies and estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 See Note 1,  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  in the accompanying notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Our disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to meet reasonable assurance standards. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.  
   
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting  
 We have made no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended June 30, 2018 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 37  
 
        PART II: OT  HER INFORMATION   
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
 On January 1, 2016, certain of our present and former officers and directors were named as defendants, and we were named as nominal defendant, in a shareholder derivative lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, entitled Oswald v. Humphreys, et al., Case No. 16-cv-00241-CRB, alleging breach of fiduciary duty and waste claims.  On January 25, 2016, certain of our present and former officers and directors were named as defendants, and we were named as nominal defendant, in a shareholder derivative lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Alameda, entitled Chopra v. Hart, et al., Case No. RG16801379, alleging breach of fiduciary duty claims.  On February 9, 2016, certain of our present and former officers and directors were named as defendants, and we were named as nominal defendant, in a shareholder derivative lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Alameda, entitled Wollnik v. Wenzel, et al., Case No. HG16803342, alleging breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste, gross mismanagement, and unjust enrichment claims.  These lawsuits generally allege that we made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose information in certain public filings and disclosures between 2013 and 2015.  Each of the lawsuits seeks one or more of the following remedies: unspecified compensatory damages, unspecified exemplary or punitive damages, restitution, declaratory relief, equitable and injunctive relief, and reasonable costs and attorneys  fees.  On May 2, 2016, the court in the Chopra lawsuit entered an order staying proceedings in the Chopra lawsuit in favor of the Oswald lawsuit, based on a stipulation to that effect filed by the parties in the Chopra lawsuit on April 28, 2016.  Similarly, on June 28, 2016, the court in the Wollnik lawsuit entered a stipulated order staying proceedings in the Wollnik lawsuit in favor of the Oswald lawsuit.  On June 17, 2016, the plaintiff in the Oswald lawsuit filed an amended complaint.  On August 1, 2016, we filed a motion to dismiss for failure by plaintiff to make a pre-lawsuit demand on our board of directors, which motion was heard on October 14, 2016. The judge in the Oswald lawsuit issued an order on November 7, 2016 granting our motion to dismiss, without prejudice.  In addition, the court stayed the case so that plaintiff could exercise whatever rights he had under Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.  On or around November 30, 2016, the plaintiff purported to serve a books and records demand under Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.  We responded to that demand. On March 21, 2017, we and the plaintiff in the Oswald lawsuit filed a stipulation and proposed order lifting the stay of the case, granting the plaintiff leave to amend, and setting a briefing schedule.  The plaintiff in the Oswald lawsuit filed his second amended complaint on April 10, 2017. We then filed a motion to dismiss that second amended complaint on May 12, 2017, the plaintiff filed an opposition to that motion to dismiss on June 12, 2017, and we filed a reply in support of the motion on June 30, 2017. The hearing on that motion to dismiss was held on October 6, 2017.  On October 22, 2017, the court issued its written order denying the motion to dismiss on the basis of demand futility.  On January 3, 2018, the court entered a stipulated order setting a response and briefing schedule for defendants to the second amended complaint.   
 Defendants filed motions to dismiss the second amended complaint in the Oswald action under Rule 12(b)(6) on January 16, 2018.  Plaintiff filed his opposition brief on February 14, 2018.  Defendants filed reply briefs on March 2, 2018.  The court heard argument on the motions to dismiss on March 23, 2018.  On April 13, 2018, the court entered an order granting defendants  motions to dismiss.  On April 19, 2018, Plaintiff Oswald filed a motion for leave to file a third amended complaint.  On that same date, Plaintiff Chopra, a plaintiff in a related and stayed derivative action in state court, filed a motion to intervene in the Oswald action.  Defendants  oppositions to the motion for leave to file a third amended complaint and non-oppositions to the motion to intervene by Plaintiff Chopra were filed on May 21, 2018.  Plaintiffs  replies were filed June 1, 2018.  The Court held a hearing on June 29, 2018 on both motions.  On July 16, 2018, the Court entered an order granting the Chopra motion to intervene and denying the Oswald motion for leave to file a third amended complaint.  In the interim, the state court Chopra and Wollnik actions have remained stayed with periodic status conferences.  The next status conferences have been scheduled in the Chopra and Wollnik cases on September 4, 2018 before Judge Seligman. We intend to vigorously defend against these lawsuits.  We cannot currently predict the impact or resolution of each of these lawsuits or reasonably estimate a range of possible loss, if any, which could be material, and the resolution of these lawsuits may harm our business and have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 From time to time, we could become subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of business or could be named a defendant in additional lawsuits. The outcome of such claims or other proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   Item 1A. Risk Factors  
 Our business and results of operations are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and other factors that you should be aware of. The risks, uncertainties and other factors described in these risk factors are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks, uncertainties and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of the risks, uncertainties and other factors could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or product market share and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline substantially.  
 Impairment in the value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
   We record goodwill and intangible assets at fair value upon the acquisition of a business. Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if conditions warrant, by comparing the carrying value of a reporting unit to its estimated fair value. Intangible assets with definite lives are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that their  
 38 
 
  carrying value may not be recoverable. Declines in operating results, divestitures, sustained market declines and other factors that impact the fair value of a reporting unit   could result in an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets and, in turn, a charge to net income. Any such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.  
 In addition to the above and other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.  
   Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 During the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, we repurchased 71,635 shares and 30,015 shares, respectively, of common stock surrendered to us to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units issued to employees. 
 On May 30, 2018, we completed the second closing of a private placement of 2,000,000 shares of our Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of $4.00 per share, for gross proceeds of approximately $8.0 million before deducting certain fees and expenses payable by us. The sale of was made pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 21, 2017, pursuant to which we had the sole option to require the purchasers to purchase the shares in the second closing. The proceeds from the issuance of the shares are required to be used to pay off our existing debt obligations and to fund future acquisitions of technology, business and other assets. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit  Number  

Description   

4.3  

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock dated December 21, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2017.)    

10.1   

Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated April 18, 2018 between the Company, 3VR Security, Inc. and East West Bank  .    

10.2  

Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2017 among the Company, 21 April Fund, Ltd. and 21 April Fund, LP. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2017.)    

10.3 *  

2011 Incentive Compensation Plan as amended through March 6, 2018.    

31.1   

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    

31.2   

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    

32 #   

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

#    
 
 Furnished herewith and not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates them by reference.    

Filed herewith.     

*   
 
  Denotes management compensatory contract or arrangement.     

39  
 
      SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

IDENTIV, INC .   

August 10, 2018  

By:  

/ S  / Steven Humphreys   

Steven Humphreys  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

August 10, 2018  

By:  

/ S / Sandra Wallach  

Sandra Wallach  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

40   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 inve-ex101_371.htm
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE LSA

inve-ex101_371.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 SIXTH AMENDMENT  TO  LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT   
 This Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement is entered into as of April 18, 2018 (the  Amendment ), by and between EAST WEST BANK ( Bank ) and IDENTIV, INC. ( Parent ) and 3VR Security, Inc. ( Target ). Parent and Target are each referred to herein as a  Borrower  and collectively as the  Borrowers . 
  RECITALS  
 Borrowers and Bank are parties to that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of February 8, 2017, as amended from time to time, including pursuant to that certain First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 27, 2017, that certain Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 19, 2017, that certain Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 30, 2018, that certain Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of February 5, 2018 and that certain Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 6, 2018 (collectively, the  Loan Agreement ).  The parties desire to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Amendment.   
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
 1.   The following definitions are added to Section 1.1 of the Agreement:  
  Off-Cycle Borrowing Base Certificate  means any other Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to Bank aside from a Routine Borrowing Base Certificate. 
  Routine Borrowing Base Certificate  means the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to Bank in accordance with Section 6.3(a) of the Agreement, measuring the Borrowing Base as of the last day of the month ended prior to the delivery date of the Borrowing Base Certificate as required under Section 6.3(a) of the Agreement. 
 2.   The following definition in Section 1.1 of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:  
  Borrowing Base  means an amount equal to (i) eighty five percent (85%) of Eligible Accounts plus (ii) fifty percent (50%) of Eligible Inventory, as determined by Bank with reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by Borrowers; provided however, (x) the total amount of the Borrowing Base with respect to clause (ii) above shall not exceed the lesser of Eight Million Dollars ($8,000,000) or fifty percent (50%) of the total Borrowing Base at any time; (y) any Borrowing Base that is based on an Off-Cycle Borrowing Base Certificate shall retain the amount of Eligible Inventory determined by the most recent Routine Borrowing Base Certificate and any ineligible Accounts stated in such Routine Borrowing Base Certificate shall also be carried over into the Off-Cycle Borrowing Base Certificate; and (z) the Borrowing Base may be revised from time to time by Bank following each Collateral audit or as Bank deems necessary in Bank s reasonable judgment and after commercially reasonable notice thereof to Borrowers. 
 3.   Bank acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the criteria and terms set forth in the definition of  Eligible Accounts  set forth in Section 1.1 of the Agreement, the parties acknowledge and agree that Accounts of Target that are subject to offset with respect to deferred revenue of Target may be included as Eligible Accounts.   
 
    4.    Section 3.2(a) of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:  
 (a) timely receipt by Bank of the Payment/Advance Form as provided in Section 2.1; and, in the event Borrowers are requesting an Advance to be made based on the Eligible Accounts as of a measurement date that is more recent than that which is reflected in the Routine Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered to Bank, Borrowers shall also deliver to Bank an Off-Cycle Borrowing Base Certificate to Bank, along with Borrowers  month-to-date sales, collections, purchases, and non-cash charges reports;  
 5.   Section 6.12(c) of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:  
 (c) on or before April 30, 2018, (i) a subordination agreement in favor of Bank with respect to the promissory notes issued by Parent (the  Seller Notes ) executed by Borrowers and all of the holders of Seller Notes (other than Stephen Hudson, Durand Ford and The Founders Fund, LP.); and (ii) bailee waivers/consents executed by Avnet and EmbedTek. 
 6.   Unless otherwise defined, all initially capitalized terms in this Amendment shall be as defined in the Agreement.  The Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with its respective terms and hereby is ratified and confirmed in all respects.  Except as expressly set forth herein, the execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of, or as an amendment of, any right, power, or remedy of Bank under the Agreement, as in effect prior to the date hereof.  Each Borrower ratifies and reaffirms the continuing effectiveness of all agreements entered into in connection with the Agreement.  
 7.   Each Borrower represents and warrants that the representations and warranties contained in the Agreement are true and correct as of the date of this Amendment, and that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  
 8.   This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a  .pdf  format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or  .pdf  signature page were an original hereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers shall deliver all original signed documents requested by Bank no later than five (5) Business Days following the date of execution.  
 9.   As a condition to the effectiveness of this Amendment, Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, the following:  
 (a)   this Amendment, duly executed by Borrowers;  
 (b)   payment of all Bank Expenses incurred through the date of this Amendment; and  
 (c)   such other documents, and completion of such other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.  
 [remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the first date above written.  

IDENTIV, INC.  

By:  

/s/Sandra Wallach  

Name:   

Sandra Wallach  

Title:  

CFO  

3VR SECURITY, INC.  

By:  

/s/Sandra Wallach  

Name:  

Sandra Wallach  

Title:  

CFO  

EAST WEST BANK  

By:  

/s/Kelvin Chan  

Name:  

Kelvin Chan  

Title:  

Managing Director  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 inve-ex103_372.htm
 2011 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN AS AMENDED THROUGH MARCH 6, 2018

inve-ex103_372.htm

Exhibit 10.3 

IDENTIV, INC.  
 2011 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN  
 (AS AMENDED THROUGH MARCH 6, 2018)  

IDENTIV, INC.   
 2011 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN  
 (AS AMENDED THROUGH MARCH 6, 2018)  

IDENTIV, INC.  
 2011 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN  
 (AS AMENDED THROUGH MARCH 17, 2016)  
 1.  Purpose . The purpose of this 2011 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN (the  Plan ) is to assist Identiv, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ) and its Related Entities (as hereinafter defined) in attracting, motivating, retaining and rewarding high-quality executives and other employees, officers, directors, consultants and other persons who provide services to the Company or its Related Entities by enabling such persons to acquire or increase a proprietary interest in the Company in order to strengthen the mutuality of interests between such persons and the Company s stockholders, and providing such persons with annual and long term performance incentives to expend their maximum efforts in the creation of stockholder value.  
 2.  Definitions . For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below, in addition to such terms defined in Section 1 hereof and elsewhere herein.  
 (a)   2007 Plan   means the Company s 2007 Stock Option Plan, as amended.  
 (b)   2010 Plan   means the Company s 2010 Bonus and Incentive Plan, as amended.  
 (c)   Award   means any Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Share granted as a bonus or in lieu of another Award, Dividend Equivalent, Other Stock-Based Award or Performance Award, together with any other right or interest, granted to a Participant under the Plan.  
 (d)   Award Agreement   means any written agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing any Award granted by the Committee hereunder.  
 (e)   Beneficiary   means the person, persons, trust or trusts that have been designated by a Participant in his or her most recent written beneficiary designation filed with the Committee to receive the benefits specified under the Plan upon such Participant s death or to which Awards or other rights are transferred if and to the extent permitted under Section 10(b) hereof. If, upon a Participant s death, there is no designated Beneficiary or surviving designated Beneficiary, then the term Beneficiary means the person, persons, trust or trusts entitled by will or the laws of descent and distribution to receive such benefits.  
 (f)   Beneficial Owner    and  Beneficial Ownership   shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act and any successor to such Rule.  
 (g)   Board   means the Company s Board of Directors.  
 (h)   Cause   shall, with respect to any Participant, have the meaning specified in the Award Agreement. In the absence of any definition in the Award Agreement,  Cause  shall have the equivalent meaning or the same meaning as  cause  or  for cause  set forth in any employment, consulting, or other agreement for the performance of services between the Participant and the Company or a Related Entity or, in the absence of any such agreement or any such definition in such agreement, such term shall mean (i) the failure by the Participant to perform, in a reasonable manner, his or her duties as assigned by the Company or a Related Entity, (ii) any violation or breach by the Participant of his or her employment, consulting or other similar agreement with the Company or a Related Entity, if any, (iii) any violation or breach by the Participant of any non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and/or other similar agreement with the Company or a Related Entity, (iv) any act by the Participant of dishonesty or bad faith with respect to the Company or a Related Entity, (v) use of alcohol, drugs or other similar substances in a manner that adversely affects the Participant s work performance, or (vi) the commission by the Participant of any act, misdemeanor, or crime reflecting unfavorably upon the Participant or the Company or any Related Entity. The good faith determination by the Committee of whether the Participant s Continuous Service was terminated by the Company for  Cause  shall be final and binding for all purposes hereunder.  
   
 (i)   Change in Control   means a Change in Control as defined in Section 9(b) of the Plan.  
 (j)   Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including regulations thereunder and successor provisions and regulations thereto.  
 1  

(k)    Committee    means a committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan; provided, however, that if the Board fails to designate a committee or if there are no longer any members on the committee so designated by the Board, or for any other reason determined by the Board, then the Board shall serve as the Committee. While it is intended that the Committee shall consist of at least two directors, each of whom shall be (i) a  non-employee director  within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 (or any successor rule) under the Exchange Act, unless administration of the Plan by  non-employee directors  is not then required in order for exemptions under Rule 16b-3 to apply to transactions under the Plan, (ii) an  outside director  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, and (iii)  Independent , the failure of the Committee to be so comprised shall not invalidate any Award that otherwise satisfies the terms of the Plan.   
 (l)   Consultant   means any Person (other than an Employee or a Director, solely with respect to rendering services in such Person s capacity as a director) who is engaged by the Company or any Related Entity to render consulting or advisory services to the Company or such Related Entity.  
 (m)   Continuous Service   means the uninterrupted provision of services to the Company or any Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director, Consultant or other service provider. Continuous Service shall not be considered to be interrupted in the case of (i) any approved leave of absence, (ii) transfers among the Company, any Related Entities, or any successor entities, in any capacity of Employee, Director, Consultant or other service provider, or (iii) any change in status as long as the individual remains in the service of the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director, Consultant or other service provider (except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). An approved leave of absence shall include sick leave, military leave, or any other authorized personal leave.  
 (n)   Covered Employee   means the Person who, as of the end of the taxable year, either is the principal executive officer of the Company or is serving as the acting principal executive officer of the Company, and each other Person whose compensation is required to be disclosed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission by reason of that person being among the three highest compensated officers of the Company as of the end of a taxable year, or such other person as shall be considered a  covered employee  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.  
 (o)   Director   means a member of the Board or the board of directors of any Related Entity.  
 (p)   Disability   means a permanent and total disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e) of the Code), as determined by a medical doctor satisfactory to the Committee.  
 (q)   Dividend Equivalent   means a right, granted to a Participant under Section 6(g) hereof, to receive cash, Shares, other Awards or other property equal in value to dividends paid with respect to a specified number of Shares, or other periodic payments.  
 (r)   Effective Date   means the effective date of the Plan, which shall be April 7, 2011.  
 (s)   Eligible Person   means each officer, Director, Employee, Consultant and other person who provides services to the Company or any Related Entity. The foregoing notwithstanding, only Employees of the Company, or any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company (as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively), shall be Eligible Persons for purposes of receiving any Incentive Stock Options. An Employee on leave of absence may, in the discretion of the Committee, be considered as still in the employ of the Company or a Related Entity for purposes of eligibility for participation in the Plan.  
 (t)   Employee   means any person, including an officer or Director, who is an employee of the Company or any Related Entity. The payment of a director s fee by the Company or a Related Entity shall not be sufficient to constitute  employment  by the Company.  
 (u)   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, including rules thereunder and successor provisions and rules thereto.  
 (v)   Fair Market Value   means the fair market value of Shares, Awards or other property as determined by the Committee, or under procedures established by the Committee. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Fair Market Value of a Share as of any given date shall be the closing sale price per Share reported on a consolidated basis for stock listed on the principal stock exchange or market on which Shares are traded on the date as of which such value is being determined (or as of such later measurement date as determined by the Committee on the date the Award is authorized by the Committee), or, if there is no sale on that date, then on the last previous day on which a sale was reported.  
 2  

(w)    Good Reason    shall, with respect to any Participant, have the meaning specified in the Award Agreement. In the absence of any definition in the Award Agreement,  Good Reason  shall have the equivalent meaning or the same meaning as  good reason  or  for good reason  set forth in any employment, consulting or other agreement for the performance of services between the Participant and the Company or a Related Entity or, in the absence of any such agreement or any such definition in such agreement, such term shall mean (i) the assignment to the Participant of any duties inconsistent in any material respect with the Participant s duties or responsibilities as assigned by the Company or a Related Entity, or any other action by the Company or a Related Entity which results in a material diminution in such duties or responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an action which is remedied by the Company or a Related Entity promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Participant; (ii) any material failure by the Company or a Related Entity to comply with its obligations to the Participant as agreed upon, other than a failure which is remedied by the Company or a Related Entity promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Participant; or (iii) the Company s or Related Entity s requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location outside of fifty miles from the location of employment or service as of the date of Award, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant s responsibilities.   
 (x)   Incentive Stock Option   means any Option intended to be designated as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto.  
 (y)   Independent  , when referring to either the Board or members of the Committee, shall have the same meaning as used in the rules of the Listing Market.  
 (z)   Incumbent Board   means the Incumbent Board as defined in Section 9(b)(ii) hereof.  
 (aa)   Listing Market   means the NASDAQ Stock Market or any other national securities exchange on which any securities of the Company are listed for trading or, if not so listed, any automated dealer quotation system on which the securities are quoted.  
 (bb)   Option   means a right granted to a Participant under Section 6(b) hereof, to purchase Shares or other Awards at a specified price during specified time periods.  
 (cc)   Optionee   means a person to whom an Option is granted under this Plan or any person who succeeds to the rights of such person under this Plan.  
 (dd)   Other Stock-Based Awards   means Awards granted to a Participant under Section 6(i) hereof.  
 (ee)   Participant   means a person who has been granted an Award under the Plan which remains outstanding, including a person who is no longer an Eligible Person.  
 (ff)   Performance Award   means any Award of Performance Shares or Performance Units granted pursuant to Section 6(h) hereof.  
 (gg)   Performance Period   means that period established by the Committee at the time any Performance Award is granted or at any time thereafter during which any performance goals specified by the Committee with respect to such Award are to be measured.  
 (hh)   Performance Share   means any grant pursuant to Section 6(h) hereof of a unit valued by reference to a designated number of Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee shall determine, including cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, upon achievement of such performance goals during the Performance Period as the Committee shall establish at the time of such grant or thereafter.  
 (ii)   Performance Unit   means any grant pursuant to Section 6(h) hereof of a unit valued by reference to a designated amount of property (including cash) other than Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee shall determine, including cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, upon achievement of such performance goals during the Performance Period as the Committee shall establish at the time of such grant or thereafter.  
 (jj)   Person   shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, and shall include a  group  as defined in Section 13(d) thereof.  
 3  

(kk)    Related Entity    means any Subsidiary, and any business, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity designated by the Board, in which the Company or a Subsidiary holds a substantial ownership interest, directly or indirectly.   
 (ll)   Restricted Stock   means any Share issued with the restriction that the holder may not sell, transfer, pledge or assign such Share and with such risks of forfeiture and other restrictions as the Committee, in its sole discretion, may impose (including any restriction on the right to vote such Share and the right to receive any dividends), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such time or times, in installments or otherwise, as the Committee may deem appropriate.  
 (mm)   Restricted Stock Award   means an Award granted to a Participant under Section 6(d) hereof.  
 (nn)   Restricted Stock Unit   means a right to receive Shares, including Restricted Stock, cash measured based upon the value of Shares or a combination thereof, at the end of a specified deferral period.  
 (oo)   Restricted Stock Unit Award   means an Award of Restricted Stock Unit granted to a Participant under Section 6(e) hereof.  
 (pp)   Restriction Period   means the period of time specified by the Committee that Restricted Stock Awards shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions, if any, as the Committee may impose.  
 (qq)   Rule 16b-3   means Rule 16b-3, as from time to time in effect and applicable to the Plan and Participants, promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.  
 (rr)   Shares   means the shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and such other securities as may be substituted (or resubstituted) for Shares pursuant to Section 10(c) hereof.  
 (ss)   Stock Appreciation Right   means a right granted to a Participant under Section 6(c) hereof.  
 (tt)   Subsidiary   means any corporation or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect ownership interest of 50% or more of the total combined voting power of the then outstanding securities or interests of such corporation or other entity entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or in which the Company has the right to receive 50% or more of the distribution of profits or 50% or more of the assets on liquidation or dissolution.  
 (uu)   Substitute Awards   means Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, Awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future Awards, by a company (i) acquired by the Company or any Related Entity, (ii) which becomes a Related Entity after the date hereof, or (iii) with which the Company or any Related Entity combines.  
 3.  Administration  .   
 (a)  Authority of the Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, except to the extent (and subject to the limitations imposed by Section 3(b) hereof) the Board elects to administer the Plan, in which case the Plan shall be administered by only those members of the Board who are Independent members of the Board, in which case references herein to the  Committee  shall be deemed to include references to the Independent members of the Board. The Committee shall have full and final authority, subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, to select Eligible Persons to become Participants, grant Awards, determine the type, number and other terms and conditions of, and all other matters relating to, Awards, prescribe Award Agreements (which need not be identical for each Participant) and rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan, construe and interpret the Plan and Award Agreements and correct defects, supply omissions or reconcile inconsistencies therein, and to make all other decisions and determinations as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. In exercising any discretion granted to the Committee under the Plan or pursuant to any Award, the Committee shall not be required to follow past practices, act in a manner consistent with past practices, or treat any Eligible Person or Participant in a manner consistent with the treatment of any other Eligible Persons or Participants.  
 4  

(b)   Manner of Exercise of Committee Authority  .   The Committee, and not the Board, shall exercise sole and exclusive discretion (i) on any matter relating to a Participant then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company to the extent necessary in order that transactions by such Participant shall be exempt under Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, (ii) with respect to any Award that is intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m), to the extent necessary in order for such Award to so qualify; and (iii) with respect to any Award to an Independent Director. Any action of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, its Related Entities, Eligible Persons, Participants, Beneficiaries, transferees under Section 10(b) hereof or other persons claiming rights from or through a Participant, and stockholders. The express grant of any specific power to the Committee, and the taking of any action by the Committee, shall not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to officers or managers of the Company or any Related Entity, or committees thereof, the authority, subject to such terms and limitations as the Committee shall determine, to perform such functions, including administrative functions as the Committee may determine to the extent that such delegation will not result in the loss of an exemption under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) for Awards granted to Participants subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act in respect of the Company and will not cause Awards intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Code Section 162(m) to fail to so qualify. The Committee may appoint agents to assist it in administering the Plan.   
 (c)  Limitation of Liability . The Committee and the Board, and each member thereof, shall be entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to him or her by any officer or Employee, the Company s independent auditors, Consultants or any other agents assisting in the administration of the Plan. Members of the Committee and the Board, and any officer or Employee acting at the direction or on behalf of the Committee or the Board, shall not be personally liable for any action or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company with respect to any such action or determination.  
 4.  Shares Subject to Plan  .   
 (a)  Limitation on Overall Number of Shares Available for Delivery Under Plan . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10(c) hereof, the total number of Shares reserved and available for delivery under the Plan shall be 3,859,956, consisting of an initial fixed authorization of 400,000 Shares, plus the 210,660 Shares and 249,296 Shares that remained available for delivery under the 2007 Plan and the 2010 Plan, respectively, on June 6, 2011 (the   Initial Stockholder Approval Date  ), plus the additional 1,000,000 Shares authorized for issuance under the Plan at the Company s 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, plus an additional 2,000,000 Shares authorized for issuance under the Plan at the Company s 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, plus an additional 500,000 Shares authorized for issuance under the Plan at the Company s 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Any Shares delivered under the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares.  
 (b)  Application of Limitation to Grants of Awards  .  No Award may be granted if the number of Shares to be delivered in connection with such an Award exceeds the number of Shares remaining available for delivery under the Plan, minus the number of Shares deliverable in settlement of or relating to then outstanding Awards. The Committee may adopt reasonable counting procedures to ensure appropriate counting, avoid double counting (as, for example, in the case of tandem or substitute awards) and make adjustments if the number of Shares actually delivered differs from the number of Shares previously counted in connection with an Award.  
 (c)  Availability of Shares Not Delivered under Awards and Adjustments to Limits  .   
 (i) If any Awards are forfeited, expire or otherwise terminate without issuance of such Shares, or any Award is settled for cash or otherwise does not result in the issuance of all or a portion of the Shares subject to such Award, the Shares to which those Awards were subject, shall, to the extent of such forfeiture, expiration, termination, cash settlement or non-issuance, again be available for delivery with respect to Awards under the Plan, subject to Section 4(c)(iv) below.  
 (ii) In the event that any Option or other Award granted hereunder is exercised through the tendering of Shares (either actually or by attestation) or by the withholding of Shares by the Company, or withholding tax liabilities arising from such option or other award are satisfied by the tendering of Shares (either actually or by attestation) or by the withholding of Shares by the Company, then only the number of Shares issued net of the Shares tendered or withheld shall be counted for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available for grant under the Plan.  
 5  

(iii) Substitute Awards shall not reduce the Shares authorized for delivery under the Plan or authorized for delivery to a Participant in any period. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Related Entity or with which the Company or any Related Entity combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by its stockholders, the shares available for delivery pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for delivery under the Plan; if and to the extent that the use of such Shares would not require approval of the Company s stockholders under the rules of the Listing Market.   
 (iv) Any Share that again becomes available for delivery pursuant to this Section 4(c) shall be added back as  one (1) Share.  
 (v) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4(c) to the contrary but subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10(c) hereof, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be delivered under the Plan as a result of the exercise of the Incentive Stock Options shall be 3,859,956 Shares.  
 (d)  Awards Under the 2007 Plan and the 2010 Plan . This Plan will serve as the successor to the 2007 Plan. Awards granted under the 2007 Plan prior to the Initial Stockholder Approval Date shall continue to be governed by the terms of the 2007 Plan; however, no further awards shall be made under the 2007 Plan after the Initial Stockholder Approval Date. For the avoidance of doubt, securities issuable in connection with awards granted under the 2010 Plan after the Initial Stockholder Approval Date shall be issued in accordance with and governed by the terms of the 2011 Plan. 
 5.  Eligibility; Per-Person Award Limitations . Awards may be granted under the Plan only to Eligible Persons. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10(c), in any fiscal year of the Company during any part of which the Plan is in effect, no Participant may be granted (i) Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with respect to more than 250,000 Shares (500,000 Shares in a Participant s year of hire as an Employee) or (ii) Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and/or Other Stock-Based Awards with respect to more than 250,000 Shares (500,000 Shares in a Participant s year of hire as an Employee). In addition, the maximum dollar value payable to any one Participant with respect to Performance Units is (x) $3,000,000 with respect to any 12 month Performance Period (pro-rated for any Performance Period that is less than 12 months based upon the ratio of the number of days in the Performance Period as compared to 365), and (y) with respect to any Performance Period that is more than 12 months, $3,000,000 multiplied by the number of full 12 month periods that are in the Performance Period.  
 6.  Specific Terms of Awards.   
 (a)  General . Awards may be granted on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 6. In addition, the Committee may impose on any Award or the exercise thereof, at the date of grant or thereafter (subject to Section 10(e)), such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine, including terms requiring forfeiture of Awards in the event of termination of the Participant s Continuous Service and terms permitting a Participant to make elections relating to his or her Award. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Committee shall retain full power and discretion to accelerate, waive or modify, at any time, any term or condition of an Award that is not mandatory under the Plan. Except in cases in which the Committee is authorized to require other forms of consideration under the Plan, or to the extent other forms of consideration must be paid to satisfy the requirements of Delaware law, no consideration other than services may be required for the grant (as opposed to the exercise) of any Award.  
 (b)  Options . The Committee is authorized to grant Options to any Eligible Person on the following terms and conditions:  
 (i)  Exercise Price . Other than in connection with Substitute Awards, the exercise price per Share purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Committee, provided that such exercise price shall not, in the case of Incentive Stock Options, be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of the Option and shall not, in any event, be less than the par value of a Share on the date of grant of the Option. If an Employee owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules applicable under Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10% of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively) and an Incentive Stock Option is granted to such Employee, the exercise price of such Incentive Stock Option (to the extent required by the Code at the time of grant) shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date such Incentive Stock Option is granted.  
 6  

(ii)   Time and Method of Exercise  . The Committee shall determine the time or times at which or the circumstances under which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part (including based on achievement of performance goals and/or future service requirements), the time or times at which Options shall cease to be or become exercisable following termination of Continuous Service or upon other conditions, the methods by which the exercise price may be paid or deemed to be paid (including in the discretion of the Committee a cashless exercise procedure), the form of such payment, including, without limitation, cash, Shares (including without limitation the withholding of Shares otherwise deliverable pursuant to the Award), other Awards or awards granted under other plans of the Company or a Related Entity, or other property (including notes or other contractual obligations of Participants to make payment on a deferred basis provided that such deferred payments are not in violation of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act, or any rule or regulation adopted thereunder or any other applicable law), and the methods by or forms in which Shares will be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants.  
 (iii)  Incentive Stock Options . The terms of any Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan shall comply in all respects with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code. Anything in the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, no term of the Plan relating to Incentive Stock Options (including any Stock Appreciation Right issued in tandem therewith) shall be interpreted, amended or altered, nor shall any discretion or authority granted under the Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify either the Plan or any Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code, unless the Participant has first requested, or consents to, the change that will result in such disqualification. Thus, if and to the extent required to comply with Section 422 of the Code, Options granted as Incentive Stock Options shall be subject to the following special terms and conditions:  
 (A) the Option shall not be exercisable for more than ten years after the date such Incentive Stock Option is granted; provided, however, that if a Participant owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10% of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively) and the Incentive Stock Option is granted to such Participant, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be (to the extent required by the Code at the time of the grant) for no more than five years from the date of grant; and  
 (B) The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date the Incentive Stock Option is granted) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan and all other option plans of the Company (and any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively) that become exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year shall not (to the extent required by the Code at the time of the grant) exceed $100,000.  
 (iv)  Non-Discretionary Options for Certain Directors . In addition to any other Options that any Director who is not an Employee may be granted on a discretionary basis under the Plan, each Director who is not an Employee shall be automatically granted without the necessity of action by the Board or the Committee, Options subject to the following terms and conditions:  
 (A)  Initial Grant . On the date that a Director who is not an Employee commences service on the Board, an initial grant of Options that are not intended to be designated as Incentive Stock Options ( Non-Qualified Stock Options), shall automatically be made to that Director who is not an Employee (the  Initial Grant ). The number of Shares subject to this Initial Grant and other terms governing this Initial Grant shall be as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. If the Board does not establish the number of Shares subject to the Initial Grant for a given newly-elected Director who is not an Employee prior to the date of grant for such Initial Grant, then the number shall be one thousand (1,000) Shares. If at the time a Director who is also an Employee or does not otherwise qualify as an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code (an  Outside Director ), commences service on the Board, such Director shall be entitled to an Initial Grant at such time as such Director subsequently is no longer an Employee or qualifies as an Outside Director and if such Director remains a Director.  
 (B)  Annual Grant . An annual grant of Non-Qualified Stock Options (the  Annual Grant ) shall automatically be made to each Director who (i) is re-elected to the Board or who otherwise continues as a Director, (ii) qualifies as an Outside Director on the relevant grant date and (iii) has served as a Director for at least six months. The number of Shares subject to this Annual Grant and other terms governing this Annual Grant shall be as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. If the Board does not establish the number of Shares subject to the Annual Grant, then the number shall be five hundred (500) Shares. The date and time of grant of an Annual Grant is the date of the annual meeting of the Company s stockholders and the time shall be immediately upon the adjournment of the annual meeting of the Company s stockholders.  
 7  

(C)   Vesting  . Non-Qualified Stock Options received by the Participant as an Initial Grant or an Annual Grant (collectively the  Director Non-Discretionary Options ) shall vest and become exercisable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments on each monthly anniversary of the grant date, such that the Award is fully vested after one year of Continuous Service on the Board from the grant date.   
 (D)  Termination of Continuous Service as a Director . In the event a Participant s Continuous Service as a Director terminates for any reason other than death, the Participant may exercise his or her Director Non-Discretionary Options to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Director Non-Discretionary Options as of the date of termination of the Participant s Continuous Service as a Director, but only within ninety (90) calendar days following the date of such termination of the Participant s Continuous Service as a Director (and in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Director Non-Discretionary Options as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement(s)). This period may be adjusted by the Board in its discretion, provided that the affected Participant shall be recused from such decision of the Board. If Participant s Continuous Service as a Director terminates due to death, the Participant s estate, a person who acquired the right to exercise the Director Non-Discretionary Options by bequest or inheritance, or a person designated to exercise the Director Non-Discretionary Options upon the Participant s death pursuant to Section 10(b) of the Plan must exercise the Director Non-Discretionary Options to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Director Non-Discretionary Options as of the date of termination of the Participant s Continuous Service as a Director, but only within twelve (12) months following the date of such termination of the Participant s Continuous Service as a Director (and in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Director Non-Discretionary Options as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement(s)). This period may be adjusted by the Board in its discretion. If, after termination of the Participant s Continuous Service as a Director, the Director Non-Discretionary Options are not exercised within ninety (90) calendar days or twelve months, as applicable, following the date of such termination of the Participant s Continuous Service as a Director, the Director Non-Discretionary Options shall terminate.  
 (c)  Stock Appreciation Rights . The Committee may grant Stock Appreciation Rights to any Eligible Person in conjunction with all or part of any Option granted under the Plan or at any subsequent time during the term of such Option (a  Tandem Stock Appreciation Right ), or without regard to any Option (a  Freestanding Stock Appreciation Right ), in each case upon such terms and conditions as the Committee may establish in its sole discretion, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, including the following:  
 (i)  Right to Payment . A Stock Appreciation Right shall confer on the Participant to whom it is granted a right to receive, upon exercise thereof, the excess of (A) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over (B) the grant price of the Stock Appreciation Right as determined by the Committee. The grant price of a Stock Appreciation Right shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant, in the case of a Freestanding Stock Appreciation Right, or less than the associated Option exercise price, in the case of a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right.  
 (ii)  Other Terms . The Committee shall determine at the date of grant or thereafter, the time or times at which and the circumstances under which a Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised in whole or in part (including based on achievement of performance goals and/or future service requirements), the time or times at which Stock Appreciation Rights shall cease to be or become exercisable following termination of Continuous Service or upon other conditions, the method of exercise, method of settlement, form of consideration payable in settlement, method by or forms in which Shares will be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants, whether or not a Stock Appreciation Right shall be in tandem or in combination with any other Award, and any other terms and conditions of any Stock Appreciation Right.  
 (iii)  Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights . Any Tandem Stock Appreciation Right may be granted at the same time as the related Option is granted or, for Options that are not Incentive Stock Options, at any time thereafter before exercise or expiration of such Option. Any Tandem Stock Appreciation Right related to an Option may be exercised only when the related Option would be exercisable and the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the related Option exceeds the exercise price at which Shares can be acquired pursuant to the Option. In addition, if a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right exists with respect to less than the full number of Shares covered by a related Option, then an exercise or termination of such Option shall not reduce the number of Shares to which the Tandem Stock Appreciation Right applies until the number of Shares then exercisable under such Option equals the number of Shares to which the Tandem Stock Appreciation Right applies. Any Option related to a Tandem Stock Appreciation Right shall no longer be exercisable to the extent the Tandem Stock Appreciation Right has been exercised, and any Tandem Stock Appreciation Right shall no longer be exercisable to the extent the related Option has been exercised. 
 8  

(d)   Restricted Stock Awards  . The Committee is authorized to grant Restricted Stock Awards to any Eligible Person on the following terms and conditions:   
 (i)  Grant and Restrictions . Restricted Stock Awards shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions, if any, as the Committee may impose, or as otherwise provided in this Plan during the Restriction Period. The terms of any Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be set forth in a written Award Agreement which shall contain provisions determined by the Committee and not inconsistent with the Plan. The restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under such circumstances (including based on achievement of performance goals and/or future service requirements), in such installments or otherwise, as the Committee may determine at the date of grant or thereafter. Except to the extent restricted under the terms of the Plan and any Award Agreement relating to a Restricted Stock Award, a Participant granted Restricted Stock shall have all of the rights of a stockholder, including the right to vote the Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends thereon (subject to any mandatory reinvestment or other requirement imposed by the Committee). During the period that the Restriction Stock Award is subject to a risk of forfeiture, subject to Section 10(b) below and except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined or otherwise encumbered by the Participant.  
 (ii)  Forfeiture . Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, upon termination of a Participant s Continuous Service during the applicable Restriction Period, the Participant s Restricted Stock that is at that time subject to a risk of forfeiture that has not lapsed or otherwise been satisfied shall be forfeited and reacquired by the Company; provided that the Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in any Award Agreement, or may determine in any individual case, that forfeiture conditions relating to Restricted Stock Awards shall be waived in whole or in part in the event of terminations resulting from specified causes, and the Committee may in other cases waive in whole or in part the forfeiture of Restricted Stock.  
 (iii)  Certificates for Stock . Restricted Stock granted under the Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee shall determine. If certificates representing Restricted Stock are registered in the name of the Participant, the Committee may require that such certificates bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, that the Company retain physical possession of the certificates, and that the Participant deliver a stock power to the Company, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Stock.  
 (iv)  Dividends and Splits . As a condition to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Committee may require or permit a Participant to elect that any cash dividends paid on a Share of Restricted Stock be automatically reinvested in additional Shares of Restricted Stock or applied to the purchase of additional Awards under the Plan. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, Shares distributed in connection with a stock split or stock dividend, and other property distributed as a dividend, shall be subject to restrictions and a risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the Restricted Stock with respect to which such Shares or other property have been distributed.  
 (e)  Restricted Stock Unit Award . The Committee is authorized to grant Restricted Stock Unit Awards to any Eligible Person on the following terms and conditions:  
 (i)  Award and Restrictions . Satisfaction of a Restricted Stock Unit Award shall occur upon expiration of the deferral period specified for such Restricted Stock Unit Award by the Committee (or, if permitted by the Committee, as elected by the Participant). In addition, a Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be subject to such restrictions (which may include a risk of forfeiture) as the Committee may impose, if any, which restrictions may lapse at the expiration of the deferral period or at earlier specified times (including based on achievement of performance goals and/or future service requirements), separately or in combination, in installments or otherwise, as the Committee may determine. A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be satisfied by delivery of Shares, cash equal to the Fair Market Value of the specified number of Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee at the date of grant or thereafter. Prior to satisfaction of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award carries no voting or dividend or other rights associated with Share ownership.  
 (ii)  Forfeiture . Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, upon termination of a Participant s Continuous Service during the applicable deferral period or portion thereof to which forfeiture conditions apply (as provided in the Award Agreement evidencing the Restricted Stock Unit Award), the Participant s Restricted Stock Unit Award that is at that time subject to a risk of forfeiture that has not lapsed or otherwise been satisfied shall be forfeited; provided that the Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in any Award Agreement, or may determine in any individual case, that forfeiture conditions relating to a Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be waived in whole or in part in the event of terminations resulting from specified causes, and the Committee may in other cases waive in whole or in part the forfeiture of any Restricted Stock Unit Award.  
 9  

(iii)   Dividend Equivalents  . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the date of grant, any Dividend Equivalents that are granted with respect to any Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be either (A) paid with respect to such Restricted Stock Unit Award at the dividend payment date in cash or in Shares of unrestricted stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such dividends, or (B) deferred with respect to such Restricted Stock Unit Award and the amount or value thereof automatically deemed reinvested in additional Restricted Stock Units, other Awards or other investment vehicles, as the Committee shall determine or permit the Participant to elect. The applicable Award Agreement shall specify whether any Dividend Equivalents shall be paid at the dividend payment date, deferred or deferred at the election of the Participant. If the Participant may elect to defer the Dividend Equivalents, such election shall be made within 30 days after the grant date of the Restricted Stock Unit Award, but in no event later than 12 months before the first date on which any portion of such Restricted Stock Unit Award vests (or at such other times prescribed by the Committee as shall not result in a violation of Section 409A of the Code).   
 (f)  Bonus Stock and Awards in Lieu of Obligations . The Committee is authorized to grant Shares to any Eligible Persons as a bonus, or to grant Shares or other Awards in lieu of obligations to pay cash or deliver other property under the Plan or under other plans or compensatory arrangements, including, without limitation, annual Director fees payable to a Director that has elected to receive some or all of such annual Director fees payable to him or her in the form of Shares; provided that, in the case of Eligible Persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the amount of such grants remains within the discretion of the Committee to the extent necessary to ensure that acquisitions of Shares or other Awards are exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. Shares or Awards granted hereunder shall be subject to such other terms as shall be determined by the Committee.  
 (g)  Dividend Equivalents . The Committee is authorized to grant Dividend Equivalents to any Eligible Person entitling the Eligible Person to receive cash, Shares, other Awards, or other property equal in value to the dividends paid with respect to a specified number of Shares, or other periodic payments. Dividend Equivalents may be awarded on a free-standing basis or in connection with another Award. The Committee may provide that Dividend Equivalents shall be paid or distributed when accrued or shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares, Awards, or other investment vehicles, and subject to such restrictions on transferability and risks of forfeiture, as the Committee may specify. Any such determination by the Committee shall be made at the grant date of the applicable Award. 
 (h)  Performance Awards . The Committee is authorized to grant Performance Awards to any Eligible Person payable in cash, Shares, or other Awards, on terms and conditions established by the Committee, subject to the provisions of Section 8 if and to the extent that the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine that an Award shall be subject to those provisions. The performance criteria to be achieved during any Performance Period and the length of the Performance Period shall be determined by the Committee upon the grant of each Performance Award. Except as provided in Section 9 or as may be provided in an Award Agreement, Performance Awards will be distributed only after the end of the relevant Performance Period. The performance goals to be achieved for each Performance Period shall be conclusively determined by the Committee and may be based upon the criteria set forth in Section 8(b), or in the case of an Award that the Committee determines shall not be subject to Section 8 hereof, any other criteria that the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine should be used for that purpose. The amount of the Award to be distributed shall be conclusively determined by the Committee. Performance Awards may be paid in a lump sum or in installments following the close of the Performance Period or, in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, on a deferred basis in a manner that does not violate the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.  
 (i)  Other Stock-Based Awards . The Committee is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant to any Eligible Person such other Awards that may be denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, Shares, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan. Other Stock-Based Awards may be granted to Participants either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan, and such Other Stock-Based Awards shall also be available as a form of payment in the settlement of other Awards granted under the Plan. The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards. Shares delivered pursuant to an Award in the nature of a purchase right granted under this Section 6(i) shall be purchased for such consideration, (including without limitation loans from the Company or a Related Entity provided that such loans are not in violation of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act, or any rule or regulation adopted thereunder or any other applicable law) paid for at such times, by such methods, and in such forms, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other Awards or other property, as the Committee shall determine.  
 10  

7.   Certain Provisions Applicable to Awards  .   
 (a)  Stand-Alone, Additional, Tandem, and Substitute Awards . Awards granted under the Plan may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to, in tandem with, or in substitution or exchange for, any other Award or any award granted under another plan of the Company, any Related Entity, or any business entity to be acquired by the Company or a Related Entity, or any other right of a Participant to receive payment from the Company or any Related Entity. Such additional, tandem, and substitute or exchange Awards may be granted at any time. If an Award is granted in substitution or exchange for another Award or award, the Committee shall require the surrender of such other Award or award in consideration for the grant of the new Award. In addition, Awards may be granted in lieu of cash compensation, including in lieu of cash amounts payable under other plans of the Company or any Related Entity, in which the value of Shares subject to the Award is equivalent in value to the cash compensation (for example, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units), or in which the exercise price, grant price or purchase price of the Award in the nature of a right that may be exercised is equal to the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares minus the value of the cash compensation surrendered (for example, Options or Stock Appreciation Right granted with an exercise price or grant price  discounted  by the amount of the cash compensation surrendered), provided that any such determination to grant an Award in lieu of cash compensation must be made in compliance with Section 409A of the Code.  
 (b)  Term of Awards . The term of each Award shall be for such period as may be determined by the Committee; provided that in no event shall the term of any Option or Stock Appreciation Right exceed a period of ten years (or in the case of an Incentive Stock Option such shorter term as may be required under Section 422 of the Code).  
 (c)  Form and Timing of Payment Under Awards; Deferrals . Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, payments to be made by the Company or a Related Entity upon the exercise of an Option or other Award or settlement of an Award may be made in such forms as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other Awards or other property, and may be made in a single payment or transfer, in installments, or on a deferred basis, provided that any determination to pay in installments or on a deferred basis shall be made by the Committee at the date of grant. Any installment or deferral provided for in the preceding sentence shall, however, be subject to the Company s compliance with applicable law and all applicable rules of the Listing Market, and in a manner intended to be exempt from or otherwise satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Subject to Section 7(e) hereof, the settlement of any Award may be accelerated, and cash paid in lieu of Shares in connection with such settlement, in the sole discretion of the Committee or upon occurrence of one or more specified events (in addition to a Change in Control). Any such settlement shall be at a value determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, which, without limitation, may in the case of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right be limited to the amount if any by which the Fair Market Value of a Share on the settlement date exceeds the exercise or grant price. Installment or deferred payments may be required by the Committee (subject to Section 7(e) of the Plan, including the consent provisions thereof in the case of any deferral of an outstanding Award not provided for in the original Award Agreement) or permitted at the election of the Participant on terms and conditions established by the Committee. The Committee may, without limitation, make provision for the payment or crediting of a reasonable interest rate on installment or deferred payments or the grant or crediting of Dividend Equivalents or other amounts in respect of installment or deferred payments denominated in Shares.  
 (d)  Exemptions from Section 16(b) Liability . It is the intent of the Company that the grant of any Awards to or other transaction by a Participant who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be exempt from Section 16 pursuant to an applicable exemption (except for transactions acknowledged in writing to be non-exempt by such Participant). Accordingly, if any provision of this Plan or any Award Agreement does not comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 then applicable to any such transaction, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 so that such Participant shall avoid liability under Section 16(b).  
 (e)  Code Section 409A .  
 (i) The Award Agreement for any Award that the Committee reasonably determines to constitute a Section 409A Plan, as defined in Section 7(e)(ii) hereof, and the provisions of the Plan applicable to that Award, shall be construed in a manner consistent with the applicable requirements of Section 409A, and the Committee, in its sole discretion and without the consent of any Participant, may amend any Award Agreement (and the provisions of the Plan applicable thereto) if and to the extent that the Committee determines that such amendment is necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.  
 11  

(ii) If any Award constitutes a  nonqualified deferred compensation plan  under Section 409A of the Code (a  Section 409A Plan ), then the Award shall be subject to the following additional requirements, if and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code:   
 (A) Payments under the Section 409A Plan may not be made earlier than the first to occur of (u) the Participant s  separation from service , (v) the date the Participant becomes  disabled , (w) the Participant s death, (x) a  specified time (or pursuant to a fixed schedule)  specified in the Award Agreement at the date of the deferral of such compensation, (y) a  change in the ownership or effective control of the corporation, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets  of the Company, or (z) the occurrence of an  unforeseeable emergency   
 (B) The time or schedule for any payment of the deferred compensation may not be accelerated, except to the extent provided in applicable Treasury Regulations or other applicable guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service;  
 (C) Any elections with respect to the deferral of such compensation or the time and form of distribution of such deferred compensation shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A(a)(4) of the Code; and  
 (D) In the case of any Participant who is  specified employee , a distribution on account of a  separation from service  may not be made before the date which is six months after the date of the Participant s  separation from service  (or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death).  
 For purposes of the foregoing, the terms in quotations shall have the same meanings as those terms have for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, and the limitations set forth herein shall be applied in such manner (and only to the extent) as shall be necessary to comply with any requirements of Section 409A of the Code that are applicable to the Award.  
 (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision of this Plan or any Award Agreement, the Company does not make any representation to any Participant or Beneficiary that any Awards made pursuant to this Plan are exempt from, or satisfy, the requirements of, Section 409A, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless the Participant or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Participant or any Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of this Plan, or any Award Agreement, or any amendment or modification thereof, or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A.  
 8.  Code Section 162(m) Provisions  .   
 (a)  Covered Employees . Unless otherwise specified by the Committee, the provisions of this Section 8 shall be applicable to any Performance Award granted to an Eligible Person who is, or is likely to be, as of the end of the tax year in which the Company would claim a tax deduction in connection with such Award, a Covered Employee.  
 (b)  Performance Criteria . If a Performance Award is subject to this Section 8, then the payment or distribution thereof or the lapsing of restrictions thereon and the distribution of cash, Shares or other property pursuant thereto, as applicable, shall be contingent upon achievement of one or more objective performance goals. Performance goals shall be objective and shall otherwise meet the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder including the requirement that the level or levels of performance targeted by the Committee result in the achievement of performance goals being  substantially uncertain.  One or more of the following business criteria for the Company, on a consolidated basis, and/or for Related Entities, or for business or geographical units of the Company and/or a Related Entity (except with respect to the total stockholder return and earnings per share criteria), shall be used by the Committee in establishing performance goals for such Awards: (1) earnings per share; (2) revenues or margins; (3) cash flow; (4) operating margin; (5) return on net assets, investment, capital, or equity; (6) economic value added; (7) direct contribution; (8) net income; pretax earnings; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; earnings after interest expense and before extraordinary or special items; operating income or income from operations; income before interest income or expense, unusual items and income taxes, local, state or federal and excluding budgeted and actual bonuses which might be paid under any ongoing bonus plans of the Company; (9) working capital; (10) management of fixed costs or variable costs; (11) identification or consummation of investment opportunities or completion of specified projects in accordance with corporate business plans, including strategic mergers, acquisitions or divestitures; (12) total stockholder return; (13) debt reduction; (14) market share; (15) entry into new markets, either geographically or by business unit; (16) customer retention and satisfaction; (17) strategic plan development and implementation, including turnaround plans; and/or (18) the Fair Market Value of a Share. Any of the above goals may be determined on an absolute or relative basis or as compared to the performance of a published or special index deemed applicable by the Committee including, but not limited to, the Standard   Poor s 500 Stock Index or a group of companies that are comparable to the Company. In determining the achievement of the performance goals, unless otherwise specified by the Committee at the time the performance goals are set, the Committee shall exclude the impact of any (i) restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items (as defined pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles), and other unusual or non-recurring charges, (ii) event either not directly related to the operations of the Company or not within the reasonable control of the Company s management, (iii) change in accounting standards required by generally accepted accounting principles; or (iv) such other exclusions or adjustments as the Committee specifies at the time the Award is granted. 
 12  

(c)   Performance Period; Timing for Establishing Performance Goals  . Achievement of performance goals in respect of Performance Awards shall be measured over a Performance Period specified by the Committee. Performance goals shall be established not later than 90 days after the beginning of any Performance Period applicable to such Performance Awards, or at such other date as may be required or permitted for  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code.   
 (d)  Adjustments . The Committee may, in its discretion, reduce the amount of a settlement otherwise to be made in connection with Awards subject to this Section 8, but may not exercise discretion to increase any such amount payable to a Covered Employee in respect of an Award subject to this Section 8. The Committee shall specify the circumstances in which such Awards shall be paid or forfeited in the event of termination of Continuous Service by the Participant prior to the end of a Performance Period or settlement of Awards.  
 (e)  Committee Certification . No Participant shall receive any payment under the Plan that is subject to this Section 8 unless the Committee has certified, by resolution or other appropriate action in writing, that the performance criteria and any other material terms previously established by the Committee or set forth in the Plan, have been satisfied to the extent necessary to qualify as  performance based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code.  
 9.  Change in Control .  
 (a)  Effect of  Change in Control.   If and only to the extent provided in any employment or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Related Entity, or in any Award Agreement, or to the extent otherwise determined by the Committee, as constituted immediately before the Change in Control, in its sole discretion and without any requirement that each Participant be treated consistently, upon the occurrence of a  Change in Control,  as defined in Section 9(b):  
 (i) Any Option or Stock Appreciation Right that was not previously vested and exercisable as of the time of the Change in Control, shall become immediately vested and exercisable, subject to applicable restrictions set forth in Section 10(a) hereof.  
 (ii) Any restrictions, deferral of settlement, and forfeiture conditions applicable to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award or an Other Stock-Based Award subject only to future service requirements granted under the Plan shall lapse and such Awards shall be deemed fully vested as of the time of the Change in Control, except to the extent of any waiver by the Participant and subject to applicable restrictions set forth in Section 10(a) hereof.  
 (iii) With respect to any outstanding Award subject to achievement of performance goals and conditions under the Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion, deem such performance goals and conditions as having been met as of the date of the Change in Control.  
 (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service with the Company (if it is the surviving entity in the Change in Control) or the successor company (other than a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for Cause by the Company or the successor company, as applicable, by the Participant without Good Reason, or by reason of the Participant s death or Disability) within 24 months following such Change in Control, the Participant s Award(s) shall become immediately vested. 
 (b)  Definition of  Change in Control  . Unless otherwise specified in any employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Related Entity, or in an Award Agreement, a  Change in Control  shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:  
 (i) The acquisition by any Person of Beneficial Ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than fifty percent (50%) of either (A) the value of then outstanding equity securities of the Company (the  Outstanding Company Stock ) or (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the  Outstanding Company Voting Securities) (the foregoing Beneficial Ownership hereinafter being referred to as a  Controlling Interest  provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 9(b), the following acquisitions shall not constitute or result in a Change in Control: (v) any acquisition directly from the Company; (w) any acquisition by the Company; (x) any acquisition by any Person that as of the Effective Date owns Beneficial Ownership of a Controlling Interest; (y) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Related Entity; or (z) any acquisition by any entity pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) below; or  
 13  

(ii) During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the Effective Date) individuals who constitute the Board on the Effective Date (the  Incumbent Board ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or   
 (iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets or equity of another entity by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each a  Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the value of the then outstanding equity securities and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of members of the board of directors (or comparable governing body of an entity that does not have such a board), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity resulting from such Business Combination or any Person that as of the Effective Date owns Beneficial Ownership of a Controlling Interest) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the value of the then outstanding equity securities of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (C) at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or other governing body of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or  
 (iv) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.  
 10.  General Provisions .  
 (a)  Compliance with Legal and Other Requirements . The Company may, to the extent deemed necessary or advisable by the Committee, postpone the issuance or delivery of Shares or payment of other benefits under any Award until completion of such registration or qualification of such Shares or other required action under any federal or state law, rule or regulation, listing or other required action with respect to the Listing Market, or compliance with any other obligation of the Company, as the Committee, may consider appropriate, and may require any Participant to make such representations, furnish such information and comply with or be subject to such other conditions as it may consider appropriate in connection with the issuance or delivery of Shares or payment of other benefits in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, listing requirements, or other obligations.  
 (b)  Limits on Transferability; Beneficiaries . No Award or other right or interest granted under the Plan shall be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability of such Participant to any party, or assigned or transferred by such Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or to a Beneficiary upon the death of a Participant, and such Awards or rights that may be exercisable shall be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or his or her guardian or legal representative, except that Awards and other rights (other than Incentive Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights in tandem therewith) may be transferred to one or more Beneficiaries or other transferees during the lifetime of the Participant, and may be exercised by such transferees in accordance with the terms of such Award, but only if and to the extent such transfers are permitted by the Committee pursuant to the express terms of an Award Agreement (subject to any terms and conditions which the Committee may impose thereon). A Beneficiary, transferee, or other person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Agreement applicable to such Participant, except as otherwise determined by the Committee, and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee.  
 14  

(c)   Adjustments  .     
 (i)  Adjustments to Awards . In the event that any extraordinary dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, or other property), recapitalization, forward or reverse split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, share exchange, liquidation, dissolution or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the Shares and/or such other securities of the Company or any other issuer such that a substitution, exchange, or adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, substitute, exchange or adjust any or all of (A) the number and kind of Shares which may be delivered in connection with Awards granted thereafter, (B) the number and kind of Shares by which annual per-person Award limitations are measured under Section 4 hereof, (C) the number and kind of Shares subject to or deliverable in respect of outstanding Awards, (D) the exercise price, grant price or purchase price relating to any Award and/or make provision for payment of cash or other property in respect of any outstanding Award, and (E) any other aspect of any Award that the Committee determines to be appropriate.  
 (ii)  Adjustments in Case of Certain Transactions . In the event of any merger, consolidation or other reorganization in which the Company does not survive, or in the event of any Change in Control, any outstanding Awards may be dealt with in accordance with any of the following approaches, without the requirement of obtaining any consent or agreement of a Participant as such, as determined by the agreement effectuating the transaction or, if and to the extent not so determined, as determined by the Committee: (a) the continuation of the outstanding Awards by the Company, if the Company is a surviving entity, (b) the assumption or substitution for, as those terms are defined below, the outstanding Awards by the surviving entity or its parent or subsidiary, (c) full exercisability or vesting and accelerated expiration of the outstanding Awards, or (d) settlement of the value of the outstanding Awards in cash or cash equivalents or other property followed by cancellation of such Awards (which value, in the case of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, shall be measured by the amount, if any, by which the Fair Market Value of a Share exceeds the exercise or grant price of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right as of the effective date of the transaction). For the purposes of this Agreement, an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award or Other Stock-Based Award shall be considered assumed or substituted for if following the Change in Control the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award or Other Stock-Based Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, on substantially the same vesting and other terms and conditions as were applicable to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash or other securities or property) received in the transaction constituting a Change in Control by holders of Shares for each Share held on the effective date of such transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the transaction constituting a Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor company or its parent or subsidiary, the Committee may, with the consent of the successor company or its parent or subsidiary, provide that the consideration to be received upon the exercise or vesting of an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award or Other Stock-Based Award, for each Share subject thereto, will be solely common stock of the successor company or its parent or subsidiary substantially equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Shares in the transaction constituting a Change in Control. The determination of such substantial equality of value of consideration shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and its determination shall be conclusive and binding. The Committee shall give written notice of any proposed transaction referred to in this Section 10(c)(ii) at a reasonable period of time prior to the closing date for such transaction (which notice may be given either before or after the approval of such transaction), in order that Participants may have a reasonable period of time prior to the closing date of such transaction within which to exercise any Awards that are then exercisable (including any Awards that may become exercisable upon the closing date of such transaction). A Participant may condition his exercise of any Awards upon the consummation of the transaction. 
 (iii)  Other Adjustments . The Committee (and the Board if and only to the extent such authority is not required to be exercised by the Committee to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code) is authorized to make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards (including Performance Awards, or performance goals and conditions relating thereto) in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and assets) affecting the Company, any Related Entity or any business unit, or the financial statements of the Company or any Related Entity, or in response to changes in applicable laws, regulations, accounting principles, tax rates and regulations or business conditions or in view of the Committee s assessment of the business strategy of the Company, any Related Entity or business unit thereof, performance of comparable organizations, economic and business conditions, personal performance of a Participant, and any other circumstances deemed relevant; provided that no such adjustment shall be authorized or made if and to the extent that such authority or the making of such adjustment would cause Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Awards granted pursuant to Section 8(b) hereof to Participants designated by the Committee as Covered Employees and intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Code Section 162(m) and the regulations thereunder to otherwise fail to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Code Section 162(m) and regulations thereunder. Adjustments permitted hereby may include, without limitation, increasing the exercise price of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, increasing performance goals, or other adjustments that may be adverse to the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments may be made with respect to any Performance Awards subject to Section 8 if and to the extent that such adjustment would cause the Award to fail to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code.  
 15  

(d)   Taxes  . The Company and any Related Entity are authorized to withhold from any Award granted, any payment relating to an Award under the Plan, including from a distribution of Shares, or any payroll or other payment to a Participant, amounts of withholding and other taxes due or potentially payable in connection with any transaction involving an Award, and to take such other action as the Committee may deem advisable to enable the Company or any Related Entity and Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax obligations relating to any Award. This authority shall include authority to withhold or receive Shares or other property and to make cash payments in respect thereof in satisfaction of a Participant s tax obligations, either on a mandatory or elective basis in the discretion of the Committee.  
 (e)  Changes to the Plan and Awards . The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan, or the Committee s authority to grant Awards under the Plan, without the consent of stockholders or Participants (including in a manner adverse to the rights of a Participant under an outstanding Award), except that any amendment or alteration to the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders not later than the annual meeting next following such Board action if such stockholder approval is required by any federal or state law or regulation (including, without limitation, Rule 16b-3 or Code Section 162(m)) or the rules of the Listing Market, and the Board may otherwise, in its discretion, determine to submit other such changes to the Plan to stockholders for approval. The Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, or amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any Award theretofore granted and any Award Agreement relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Committee shall be authorized to amend any outstanding Option and/or Stock Appreciation Right to reduce the exercise price or grant price without the prior approval of the stockholders of the Company. In addition, the Committee shall be authorized to cancel outstanding Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights replaced with Awards having a lower exercise price without the prior approval of the stockholders of the Company.  
 (f)  Limitation on Rights Conferred Under Plan . Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder or under any Award shall be construed as (i) giving any Eligible Person or Participant the right to continue as an Eligible Person or Participant or in the employ or service of the Company or a Related Entity; (ii) interfering in any way with the right of the Company or a Related Entity to terminate any Eligible Person s or Participant s Continuous Service at any time, (iii) giving an Eligible Person or Participant any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan or to be treated uniformly with other Participants and Employees, or (iv) conferring on a Participant any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company including, without limitation, any right to receive dividends or distributions, any right to vote or act by written consent, any right to attend meetings of stockholders or any right to receive any information concerning the Company s business, financial condition, results of operation or prospects, unless and until such time as the Participant is duly issued Shares on the stock books of the Company in accordance with the terms of an Award. None of the Company, its officers or its directors shall have any fiduciary obligation to the Participant with respect to any Awards unless and until the Participant is duly issued Shares pursuant to the Award on the stock books of the Company in accordance with the terms of an Award. Neither the Company nor any of the Company s officers, directors, representatives or agents is granting any rights under the Plan to the Participant whatsoever, oral or written, express or implied, other than those rights expressly set forth in this Plan or the Award Agreement.  
 (g)  Unfunded Status of Awards; Creation of Trusts . The Plan is intended to constitute an  unfunded  plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant or obligation to deliver Shares pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company; provided that the Committee may authorize the creation of trusts and deposit therein cash, Shares, other Awards or other property, or make other arrangements to meet the Company s obligations under the Plan. Such trusts or other arrangements shall be consistent with the  unfunded  status of the Plan unless the Committee otherwise determines with the consent of each affected Participant. The trustee of such trusts may be authorized to dispose of trust assets and reinvest the proceeds in alternative investments, subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee may specify and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (h)  Nonexclusivity of the Plan . Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor its submission to the stockholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board or a committee thereof to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable including incentive arrangements and awards which do not qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 (i)  Payments in the Event of Forfeitures; Fractional Shares . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, in the event of a forfeiture of an Award with respect to which a Participant paid cash or other consideration, the Participant shall be repaid the amount of such cash or other consideration. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine whether cash, other Awards or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of such fractional shares or whether such fractional shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.  
 16  

(j)   Governing Law  . The validity, construction and effect of the Plan, any rules and regulations under the Plan, and any Award Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws, and applicable federal law.   
 (k)  Non-U.S. Laws . The Committee shall have the authority to adopt such modifications, procedures, and subplans as may be necessary or desirable to comply with provisions of the laws of foreign countries in which the Company or its Related Entities may operate to assure the viability of the benefits from Awards granted to Participants performing services in such countries and to meet the objectives of the Plan.  
 (l)  Plan Effective Date and Stockholder Approval; Termination of Plan . The Plan shall become effective on the Effective Date, subject to subsequent approval, within 12 months of its adoption by the Board, by stockholders of the Company eligible to vote in the election of directors, by a vote sufficient to meet the requirements of Code Sections 162(m) (if applicable) and 422, Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (if applicable), applicable requirements under the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares may be listed or quoted, and other laws, regulations, and obligations of the Company applicable to the Plan. Awards may be granted subject to stockholder approval, but may not be exercised or otherwise settled in the event the stockholder approval is not obtained. The Plan shall terminate at the earliest of (a) such time as no Shares remain available for issuance under the Plan, (b) termination of this Plan by the Board, or (c) the tenth anniversary of the date of adoption of the amended and restated Plan by the Board. Awards outstanding upon expiration of the Plan shall remain in effect until they have been exercised or terminated, or have expired.  
   
 17   

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 inve-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

inve-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Steven Humphreys, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Identiv, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:  August 10, 2018  

/s/ Steven Humphreys  

Steven Humphreys  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 inve-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

inve-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sandra Wallach, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Identiv, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:  August 10, 2018  

/s/ Sandra Wallach  

Sandra Wallach  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 inve-ex32_10.htm
 EX-32

inve-ex32_10.htm

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven Humphreys, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Quarterly Report of Identiv, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Identiv, Inc.   

Date:  August 10, 2018  

/s/ Steven Humphreys     

Steven Humphreys  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

I, Sandra Wallach, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Quarterly Report of Identiv, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2018 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Identiv, Inc.   

Date:  August 10, 2018  

/s/ Sandra Wallach  

Sandra Wallach  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 inve-20180630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 inve-20180630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 inve-20180630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 inve-20180630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 inve-20180630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 inve-20180630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

