tents  

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    
  _____________________________________ 
  FORM 10-K 
  (Mark one)   

  or 
                 o 
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from ____  to ____ 

Commission file number 0-18225    
  _____________________________________ 
  
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
   
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (408) 526-4000 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                   Title of Each Class: 
      
    Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
      Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
      
    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
  _____________________________________    
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.      x    Yes      o    No 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.      o    Yes      x    No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes     o   No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      x    Yes      o   No 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    x    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   smaller reporting company  and  emerging growth company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                             Large accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Accelerated filer 
      
    o 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Emerging growth company      o 
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.     o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      o    Yes      x    No 
  Aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on   January 26, 2018   as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date:   $207,120,318,133    
  Number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2018:   4,571,334,136    
  ____________________________________  
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement relating to the registrant s 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on December 12, 2018, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. 

Table of Contents  

PART I 

Item 1. 
      
     Business  
      
    1 
      Item 1A. 
      
     Risk Factors  
      
    11 
      Item 1B. 
      
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
      
    27 
      Item 2. 
      
     Properties  
      
    27 
      Item 3. 
      
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    28 
      Item 4. 
      
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    28 

PART II 

Item 5. 
      
     Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
      
    28 
      Item 6. 
      
     Selected Financial Data  
      
    30 
      Item 7. 
      
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    31 
      Item 7A. 
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    58 
      Item 8. 
      
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
      
    60 
      Item 9. 
      
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
      
    114 
      Item 9A. 
      
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    114 
      Item 9B. 
      
     Other Information  
      
    114 

PART III 

Item 10. 
      
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
      
    115 
      Item 11. 
      
     Executive Compensation  
      
    115 
      Item 12. 
      
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
      
    115 
      Item 13. 
      
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
      
    115 
      Item 14. 
      
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
      
    116 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
      
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
      
    116 

Signatures  
      
    119 

Table of Contents  

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as  expects,   anticipates,   targets,   goals,   projects,   intends,   plans,   believes,  "momentum,"  seeks,   estimates,   continues,   endeavors,   strives,   may,  variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below, under  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

PART I 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Business 

General 
  Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the Internet since 1984. Across networking, security, collaboration, applications and the cloud, our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business.    
  We conduct our business globally, and manage our business by geography. Our business is organized into the following three geographic segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC). For revenue and other information regarding these segments, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Our products and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Infrastructure Platforms; Applications; Security and Other Products. In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of service offerings, including technical support services and advanced services. Increasingly, we are delivering our technologies through software and services. Our customers include businesses of all sizes, public institutions, governments, and service providers. These customers often look to us as a strategic partner to help them use information technology (IT) to differentiate themselves and drive positive business outcomes. 
  We were incorporated in California in December 1984, and our headquarters are in San Jose, California. The mailing address of our headquarters is 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134-1706, and our telephone number at that location is (408) 526-4000. Our website is www.cisco.com. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC): our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available free of charge. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this report. 
  Strategy and Priorities    
  As our customers add billions of new connections to their enterprises, and as more applications move to a multi-cloud environment, we believe the network continues to be extremely critical. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments. Our vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated and intelligent platforms for our customers. Our strategic priorities include the following: accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and transforming our business model.    
  Accelerating Pace of Innovation       Enabling     Network Automation    
  In fiscal 2017, we announced the initial development of new network product offerings that feature our intent-based networking technology.  The intent-based networking platform is designed to be intelligent, highly secure, powered by  intent  and informed by  context  features aiming to constantly learn, adapt, automate and protect in order to optimize network operations and defend against an evolving cyber threat landscape.  To further our innovation in this area, we are applying the latest technologies such as machine learning and advanced analytics, to operate and define the network. From a security standpoint, these new network product offerings are designed to enable customers to detect threats, for instance, in encrypted traffic, and we have created what is in our view the only network that is designed for security while maintaining privacy. 
  
   1 

     Table of Contents  

Our Catalyst 9000 series of switches represent the initial build of our intent-based networking capabilities and provide highly differentiated advancements in security, programmability, and performance, while lowering operating costs by innovating at the hardware and software layers. Our intent-based network started with the  Software-Defined Access (SD-Access) technology, one of our leading enterprise architectures. These offerings are designed to provide a single, highly secure network fabric that helps ensure policy consistency and network assurance; enables faster launches of new business services; and significantly improves issue resolution times while being open and extendable. SD-Access, built on the principles of Cisco Digital Networking Architecture (DNA), provides what we see as a transformational shift in the building and managing of networks. 
  For the data center, our Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) solutions deliver centralized application-driven policy automation, management, and visibility of both physical and virtual environments as a single system.  
  Increasing the Value of the Network 
  Unlocking the Power of Data.         Our customers are increasingly using technology, and specifically, networks to grow their businesses, drive efficiencies, and more effectively compete. We believe data is one of an organization's most strategic assets, and this data is increasingly distributed across every organization and ecosystem, on customer premises, at the edge of the network, and in the cloud.  As the number of new devices connected to the Internet grows, we believe the network will play an even more critical role in enabling our customers to aggregate, automate, and draw actionable insights from this highly distributed data, where there is a premium on security and speed.  We believe this is driving our customers to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures and, more specifically, to seek network deployment solutions that deliver greater agility, productivity, security, and other advanced network capabilities. 
  Security is Foundational.    We believe that security is the top IT priority for many of our customers. Our security strategy is focused on delivering an effective cybersecurity architecture combining network, cloud and endpoint-based solutions. Through our industry-leading Cisco Talos offering, we intend to protect against and provide security across the entire attack continuum before, during, and after a cyberattack to help our customers shorten the time between threat detection and response. 
  Powering a Multi-Cloud World.    Our customers are operating in multi-cloud environments with private, public, and hybrid clouds. Our cloud strategy is to deliver solutions designed to simplify, secure, and transform how customers work in this multi-cloud world to maximize business outcomes.   
  As our customers navigate the multi-cloud world, they need to connect new devices, protect their assets and monitor cloud consumption, and they also require advisory cloud services that are provided in a consistent manner.  We are focused on enabling simple, intelligent, automated and highly secure clouds by delivering the infrastructure to navigate the complex IT environment through our software and subscription-based offerings including Webex, Meraki cloud networking, and certain other of our Security and Applications offerings. We believe that customers and partners view our approach to the cloud as differentiated and unique, recognizing that we offer a solution for all cloud environments, including private, hybrid, and public clouds. 
  In our view, over the next several years, customers will be increasingly writing modern applications that can run on any hybrid cloud, and will be adding billions of connections to their environment. We believe Cisco is uniquely positioned to enable successful business outcomes for customers in hybrid and multi-cloud environments. In our view, the network has never been more critical to business success and we believe our customers will benefit from the insights and intelligence that we are making accessible through our highly differentiated platforms. 
  Transforming our Business Model    
  We are transforming our offerings to meet the evolving needs of our customers. As part of the transformation of our business, we continued to make strides during fiscal 2018 to develop and sell more software and subscription-based offerings, which we expect will increase the amount of our recurring revenue. The Catalyst 9000 series of switches are an example of how we are beginning to shift more of our core business to a subscription-based model. Historically, our various networking technology products have aligned with their respective product categories. However, increasingly, our offerings are crossing multiple product categories. As our core networking evolves, we expect we will add more common software features across our core networking platforms. With respect to the disaggregation of hardware and software and how our customers want to consume our technology, we are increasing the amount of software offerings that we provide. We have various types of software arrangements including system software, on premise software, hybrid software and SaaS offerings. In terms of monetization, our software offerings fall into the broad categories of subscription arrangements and perpetual licenses. 
  For a discussion of the risks associated with our strategy, see  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  including the risk factor entitled  We depend upon the development of new products and enhancements to existing products, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers  changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer.  For information regarding sales of our major products and services, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   2 

     Table of Contents  

Products and Services 
  Our products and services are grouped into the following categories:  
  Infrastructure Platforms 
  Infrastructure Platforms consist of our core networking technologies of switching, routing, data center products, and wireless that are designed to work together to deliver networking capabilities and transport and/or store data. These technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings that help our customers build networks, automate, orchestrate, integrate, and digitize data. We believe it is critical for us to continue to deliver continuous value to our customers. Over fiscal 2018, we made ongoing progress in shifting more of our business to software and subscriptions across our core networking portfolio, and in expanding our software offerings. Our objective is to continue moving to cloud-managed solutions across our entire enterprise networking portfolio. We continue to expand on our intent driven infrastructure, which focuses on simplicity, automation, and security, allowing enterprises to manage and govern the interactions of users, devices and applications across their IT environments. In fiscal 2017, we launched our Cisco Catalyst 9000 series of switches, which were developed for security, mobility, the Internet of Things (IoT), and the cloud. These switches form the foundation for our leading enterprise architectures, built on the principles of Cisco DNA. We continue to expand on this technology by extending SD-Access and Cisco DNA Center to the IoT environment and Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) to the public cloud.  
  Our switching portfolio encompasses campus switching offerings as well as data center switching offerings. Our campus switching offerings provide the foundation for converged data, voice, video, and IoT services. These switches offer enhanced security and reliability and are designed to scale efficiently as our customers grow. Within campus switching are the recently launched Catalyst 9000 series of switches that include hardware with embedded software, along with, a software subscription referred to as Cisco DNA. Cisco DNA provides automation, analytics and security features and can be centrally monitored, managed, and configured. Our data center switching offerings provide the foundation for mission critical data centers with high availability, scalability, and security across traditional data centers and private and public cloud data centers.  
  Our routing portfolio interconnects public and private wireline and mobile networks and mobile networks, delivering highly secure and reliable service to campus, data center and branch networks. Our routing solutions are designed to meet the scale, reliability, and security needs of our customers. During fiscal 2018, we introduced the principles of Cisco DNA into our routing portfolio along with software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN), increasing flexibility and simplicity and delivery through the cloud. 
  Our Data Center portfolio incorporates various technologies and solutions including the Cisco Unified Computing System (Cisco UCS), HyperFlex (HX), and software management capabilities which combine computing, networking, and storage infrastructure management and virtualization to deliver agility, simplicity and scale. These products are designed to extend the power and simplicity of unified computing for data-intensive workloads, applications at the edge, and the next generation of distributed application architectures.  
  Our Wireless portfolio provides indoor and outdoor wireless coverage designed for seamless roaming use of voice, video, and data applications. These products include wireless access points that are standalone, controller appliance-based, switch-converged, and Meraki cloud-managed offerings. In fiscal 2018, we expanded our capabilities to include network assurance and automation through our Cisco DNA Center and location-based services. 
  Applications 
  The Applications product category consists primarily of software-related offerings that utilize the core networking and data center platforms to provide their functions. Our Applications offerings consist of both hardware and software-based solutions, including both software licenses and software-as-a-service. Applications include our collaboration offerings (unified communications, Cisco TelePresence and conferencing) as well as the IoT and analytics software offerings from Jasper and AppDynamics, respectively.  
  Our strategy is to make collaboration more effective, comprehensive, and less complex by creating innovative solutions through combining the power of software, hardware, and the network. We offer a portfolio of solutions which can be delivered from the cloud, premise or mixed environments, and which integrate voice, video, and messaging on fixed and mobile networks across a wide range of devices/endpoints such as mobile phones, tablets, desktop and laptop computers, video units and collaboration appliances. Growth in cloud-connected products and services was highlighted by the acquisition of BroadSoft, a leading provider of cloud-based unified communications. In addition, we announced innovative new cloud-connected products and services within our Collaboration portfolio including the Cisco WebexVirtual Assistant, AI driven voice assistance for workplace collaboration, and Webex Room telepresence endpoint devices. For on-premise collaboration markets, we launched multi-party Internet Protocol (IP) Phones to extend our reach into third-party call control platforms as well as a new series of telephony headsets which offer innovative integration with our market leading IP phone business.  
  Our analytics solutions seek to help businesses deliver consistently high quality digital experiences by connecting end-user experience and application performance to business outcomes. Our applications monitor, correlate, analyze, and act on application  
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

performance and business performance data in real time. This automated, cross-stack intelligence enables developers, IT operations, and business owners to make mission critical and strategic improvements. 
  We continue to invest in IoT as the number of connected IoT devices continues to grow. Our Jasper Control Center Platform enables enterprises to automate the lifecycle of connected devices, including tools designed to automatically and remotely onboard, manage and monetize their IoT devices.  
  Security 
  The Security product category primarily includes our unified threat management products, advanced threat security products, and web security products that are designed to provide a highly secure environment for our customers. Security continues to be the top IT priority for many of our customers and we continue to believe that security solutions will help to protect the digital economy. We believe that security will be an enabler that helps safeguard our customers  business interests and can help create competitive advantage for them. Our approach is designed to provide protection across the entire attack continuum before, during, and after a cyber-attack and to help our customers shorten the time to threat detection and response. In our view, the escalation of ransomware and other malware events in the past year demonstrates that organizations are more critically exposed than ever. 
  Our security portfolio is designed to increase capability while reducing complexity by delivering simple, open, and automated solutions resulting in more effective security. Our security portfolio spans endpoints, the network, and the cloud. Our offerings cover the following network-related areas: network and data center security, advanced threat protection, web and email security, access and policy, unified threat management, and advisory, integration, and managed services. Our offerings are powered by Cisco Talos, our industry-leading, cloud delivered threat intelligence platform.  
  In fiscal 2018, we continued to invest in cloud security. These investments include introducing our Stealthwatch Cloud, behavioral threat detection for IaaS (infrastructure as a service) and PaaS (platform as a service) environments, extending our Umbrella Platform capabilities, and providing new functions such as shadow IT discovery in CloudLock, our CASB (Cloud Access Security Broker) solution. We significantly extended our endpoint security portfolio (Advanced Malware Protection for Endpoints) with new exploit prevention capabilities for fileless malware. We remain focused on delivering an integrated architecture across our Security products, highlighted by the introduction of Cisco Visibility, a unified threat management platform across many of our products.  
  Other Products 
  Our Other Products category primarily consists of Service Provider Video Software and Solutions and cloud and system management products. We announced a definitive agreement to sell our Service Provider Video Software and Solutions business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. We expect this transaction to close in the first half of fiscal 2019 subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.  
  Services 
  In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of service and support options for our customers, including technical support services and advanced services. In fiscal 2019, we introduced Customer Experience, combining our overall service and support offerings into one organization that is responsible for the end-to-end customer experience.  
  Technical support services help our customers ensure their products operate efficiently, remain available, and benefit from the most up-to-date system, and application software. These services help customers protect their network investments, manage risk, and minimize downtime for systems running mission-critical applications. A key example is Cisco Smart Services, which   leverages the intelligence from the installed base of our products and customer connections to protect and optimize network investment for our customers and partners.   We have expanded our Technical Services offerings from traditional hardware support to software, solutions, and premium support and outcome based offers. 
  Advanced services are part of a comprehensive program that is focused on providing responsive, preventive, and consultative support of our technologies for specific networking needs. We are investing in and expanding our advanced services in the areas of cloud, security, and analytics, which reflects our strategy of selling customer outcomes. We are focused on three priorities including, utilizing Technology Advisory Services to drive higher product and services pull-through; Assessment and Migration services providing the tools, expertise and methodologies to enable our customers to migrate to new technology platforms; and providing optimization services aligned with customers  measurable business outcomes. 
  We believe this strategy, along with our architectural approach and networking expertise, has the potential to further differentiate us from competitors. 
  
   4 

     Table of Contents  

Customers and Markets  
  Many factors influence the IT, collaboration, and networking requirements of our customers. These include the size of the organization, number and types of technology systems, geographic location, and business applications deployed throughout the customer s network. Our customer base is not limited to any specific industry, geography, or market segment. In each of the past three fiscal years,   no   single customer accounted for   10%   or more of revenue. Our customers primarily operate in the following markets: enterprise, commercial, service provider, and public sector. 
  Enterprise  
  Enterprise businesses are large regional, national, or global organizations with multiple locations or branch offices and typically employ 1,000 or more employees. Many enterprise businesses have unique IT, collaboration, and networking needs within a multivendor environment. We plan to take advantage of the network-as-a-platform strategy to integrate business processes with technology architectures to assist customer growth. We offer service and support packages, financing, and managed network services, primarily through our service provider partners. We sell these products through a network of third-party application and technology vendors and channel partners, as well as selling directly to these customers.     
  Commercial 
  We define commercial businesses as organizations which typically have fewer than 1,000 employees. We sell to the larger, or midmarket, customers within the commercial market through a combination of our direct sales force and channel partners. These customers typically require the latest advanced technologies that our enterprise customers demand, but with less complexity. Small businesses, or organizations with fewer than 100 employees, require information technologies and communication products that are easy to configure, install, and maintain. We sell to these smaller organizations within the commercial market primarily through channel partners. 
  Service Providers 
  Service providers offer data, voice, video, and mobile/wireless services to businesses, governments, utilities, and consumers worldwide. This customer market category includes regional, national, and international wireline carriers, as well as Internet, cable, and wireless providers. We also include media, broadcast, and content providers within our service provider market, as the lines in the telecommunications industry continue to blur between traditional network-based, content-based and application-based services. Service providers use a variety of our products and services for their own networks. In addition, many service providers use Cisco data center, virtualization, and collaboration technologies to offer managed or Internet-based services to their business customers. Compared with other customers, service providers are more likely to require network design, deployment, and support services because of the greater scale and higher complexity of their networks, whose requirements are addressed, we believe, by our architectural approach. 
  Public Sector 
  Public sector entities include federal governments, state and local governments, as well as educational institution customers. Many public sector entities have unique IT, collaboration, and networking needs within a multivendor environment. We sell to public sector entities through a network of third-party application and technology vendors and channel partners, as well as through direct sales. 
  Sales Overview  
  As of the end of fiscal   2018  , our worldwide sales and marketing departments consisted of approximately   25,200   employees, including managers, sales representatives, and technical support personnel. We have field sales offices in 96 countries, and we sell our products and services both directly and through a variety of channels with support from our salesforce. A substantial portion of our products and services is sold through channel partners, and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other resellers, and distributors. 
  Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution. Some service providers are also systems integrators. 
  Distributors typically hold inventory and sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our two-tier system of sales to the end customer. Revenue from two-tier distributors is recognized based on a sell-through method using point of sales information provided by these distributors. Starting in fiscal 2019, in connection with the adoption of ASC 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , a new accounting standard related to revenue recognition, we will start recognizing revenue from two-tier distributors on a sell-in method. For further discussion of ASC 606, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These distributors are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. 
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

For information regarding risks related to our channels, see  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  including the risk factors entitled  Disruption of, or changes in, our distribution model could harm our sales and margins  and  Our inventory management relating to our sales to our two-tier distribution channel is complex, and excess inventory may harm our gross margins.  
  For information regarding risks relating to our international operations, see  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  including the risk factors entitled  Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment;   Entrance into new or developing markets exposes us to additional competition and will likely increase demands on our service and support operations;   Due to the global nature of our operations, political or economic changes or other factors in a specific country or region could harm our operating results and financial condition;   We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows;  and  Man-made problems such as cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, malware or terrorism may disrupt our operations,  harm our operating results and financial condition, and damage our reputation, and cyber-attacks or data protection breaches on our customers' networks, in cloud-based services provided by or enabled by us, could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business,  among others. 
  Our service offerings complement our products through a range of consulting, technical, project, quality, and software maintenance services, including 24-hour online and telephone support through technical assistance centers. 
  Financing Arrangements 
  We provide financing arrangements for certain qualified customers to build, maintain, and upgrade their networks. We believe customer financing is a competitive advantage in obtaining business, particularly for those customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our financing arrangements include the following: 
               Leases: 
        Sales-type 
        Direct financing 
        Operating 
      Loans 
      Financed service contracts 
      Channels financing arrangements 
      End-user financing arrangements 

Product Backlog 
  Our product backlog at   July 28, 2018   was approximately   $6.6 billion  , an increase of   38%   year over year. The product backlog includes orders confirmed for products planned to be shipped within 90 days to customers with approved credit status. Subscription-based sales arrangements are not included in product backlog. Our cycle time between order and shipment is generally short and customers occasionally change delivery schedules. Additionally, orders can be canceled without significant penalties. As a result of these factors, we do not believe that our product backlog, as of any particular date, is necessarily indicative of actual product revenue for any future period.  
  Acquisitions, Investments, and Alliances 
  The markets in which we compete require a wide variety of technologies, products, and capabilities. Our growth strategy is based on the components of innovation, which we sometimes refer to as  build, buy, partner, invest, and co-develop". This five-prong approach to how we innovate can be summarized as follows: 
                 Build 
    Working within Cisco, with the developer community, or with customers 
      Buy 
    Acquiring or divesting, depending on goals 
      Partner 
    Strategically partnering to further build out the business 
      Invest 
    Making investments in areas where technology is in its infancy or where there is no dominant technology 
      Co-develop 
    Developing new solutions with multi-party teams that may include customers, channel partners, startups, independent software vendors, and academics 

6 

     Table of Contents  

Acquisitions 
  We have acquired many companies, and we expect to make future acquisitions. Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky, especially if the acquired company has yet to generate revenue. No assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful or will not materially adversely affect our financial condition or operating results. Prior acquisitions have resulted in a wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to an inability to do so. The risks associated with acquisitions are more fully discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  including the risk factor entitled  We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results.  
  Investments in Privately Held Companies 
  We make investments in privately held companies that develop technology or provide services that are complementary to our products or that provide strategic value. The risks associated with these investments are more fully discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  including the risk factor entitled  We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our earnings.  
  Strategic Alliances 
  We pursue strategic alliances with other companies in areas where collaboration can produce industry advancement and acceleration of new markets. The objectives and goals of a strategic alliance can include one or more of the following: technology exchange, product development, joint sales and marketing, or new market creation. Companies with which we have added or expanded strategic alliances during fiscal 2018 and in recent years include Apple, Google, Salesforce.com and Ericsson, among others. 
  Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and in our view this trend may increase. The risks associated with our strategic alliances are more fully discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  including the risk factor entitled  If we do not successfully manage our strategic alliances, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances, and we may experience increased competition or delays in product development.  
  Competition 
  We compete in the networking and communications equipment markets, providing products and services for transporting data, voice, and video traffic across intranets, extranets, and the Internet. These markets are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. These market factors represent both an opportunity, and a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in our new product markets. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we anticipate this will continue. 
  Our competitors include Amazon Web Services LLC; Arista Networks, Inc.; ARRIS Group, Inc.; Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.; Dell Technologies Inc.; Extreme Networks, Inc.; F5 Networks, Inc.; FireEye, Inc.; Fortinet, Inc.; Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Company; Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.; Juniper Networks, Inc.; Lenovo Group Limited; Microsoft Corporation; New Relic, Inc.;  Nokia Corporation; Nutanix, Inc.; Palo Alto Networks, Inc.; Symantec Corporation; Ubiquiti Networks and VMware, Inc.; among others.     
  Some of these companies compete across many of our product lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product area. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could compete with our products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets, we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors, including existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets. We also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products. Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and in our view this trend may increase. For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a fundamental transformation arising from the convergence of technologies, including computing, networking, storage, and software, that previously were segregated within the data center. Due to several factors, including the availability of highly scalable and general purpose microprocessors, application-specific integrated circuits offering advanced services, standards-based protocols, cloud computing, and virtualization, the convergence of technologies within the enterprise data center is spanning multiple, previously independent, technology segments. Also, some of our current and potential competitors for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them to provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. As a result of all of these developments, we face greater competition in the development and sale of enterprise data center technologies, including competition from entities that are among our long-term strategic alliance  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

partners. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. 
  The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we presently compete and may compete in the future include: 
             
    The ability to sell successful business outcomes 
                
    The ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services 
                
    Product performance 
                
    Price 
                
    The ability to introduce new products, including providing continuous new customer value and products with price-performance advantages 
                
    The ability to reduce production costs 
                
    The ability to provide value-added features such as security, reliability, and investment protection 
                
    Conformance to standards 
                
    Market presence 
                
    The ability to provide financing 
                
    Disruptive technology shifts and new business models  
     We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology, and suppliers from which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. Therefore, we must cooperate and at the same time compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and accordingly affect our chances of success.    
  Research and Development 
  We regularly introduce new products and features to address the requirements of our markets. We allocate our research and development budget among our product categories, which consist of Infrastructure Platforms, Applications, Security, and Other Product technologies. Our research and development expenditures were $  6.3 billion  ,   $6.1 billion  , and   $6.3 billion   in fiscal   2018  ,   2017  , and   2016  , respectively. These expenditures are applied generally to all product areas, with specific areas of focus being identified from time to time. Recent areas of increased focus include our intent-based networking technologies (which encompasses switching, routing, and wireless technologies within Infrastructure Platforms), security, and analytics products. Our expenditures for research and development costs were expensed as incurred.  
  The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological developments, evolving standards, changes in customer requirements, and new product introductions and enhancements. As a result, our success depends in part upon our ability, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce new products that improve performance, and reduce total cost of ownership. To achieve these objectives, our management and engineering personnel work with customers to identify and respond to customer needs, as well as with other innovators of Internet working products, including universities, laboratories, and corporations. We also expect to continue to make acquisitions and investments, where appropriate, to provide us with access to new technologies. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop products to address new customer requirements and technological changes or that those products will achieve market acceptance. 
  Manufacturing 
  We rely on contract manufacturers for all of our manufacturing needs. We presently use a variety of independent third-party companies to provide services related to printed-circuit board assembly, in-circuit test, product repair, and product assembly. Proprietary software on electronically programmable memory chips is used to configure products that meet customer requirements and to maintain quality control and security. The manufacturing process enables us to configure the hardware and software in unique combinations to meet a wide variety of individual customer requirements. The manufacturing process uses automated testing equipment and burn-in procedures, as well as comprehensive inspection, testing, and statistical process controls, which are designed to help ensure the quality and reliability of our products. The manufacturing processes and procedures are generally certified to International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001 or ISO 9003 standards. 
  Our arrangements with contract manufacturers generally provide for quality, cost, and delivery requirements, as well as manufacturing process terms, such as continuity of supply; inventory management; flexibility regarding capacity, quality, and cost  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

management; oversight of manufacturing; and conditions for use of our intellectual property. We have not entered into any significant long-term contracts with any manufacturing service provider. We generally have the option to renew arrangements on an as-needed basis. These arrangements generally do not commit us to purchase any particular amount or any quantities beyond certain amounts covered by orders or forecasts that we submit covering discrete periods of time, defined as less than one year.  
  Patents, Intellectual Property, and Licensing 
  We seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our technology and products through the use of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws. We have a program to file applications for and obtain patents, copyrights, and trademarks in the United States and in selected foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. We also seek to maintain our trade secrets and confidential information by nondisclosure policies and through the use of appropriate confidentiality agreements. We have obtained a substantial number of patents and trademarks in the United States and in other countries. There can be no assurance, however, that the rights obtained can be successfully enforced against infringing products in every jurisdiction. Although we believe the protection afforded by our patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets has value, the rapidly changing technology in the networking industry and uncertainties in the legal process make our future success dependent primarily on the innovative skills, technological expertise, and management abilities of our employees rather than on the protection afforded by patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws. 
  Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, we believe, based upon past experience and standard industry practice that such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis can limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. 
  The industry in which we compete is characterized by rapidly changing technology, a large number of patents, and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that our patents and other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented; that others will not assert intellectual property rights to technologies that are relevant to us; or that our rights will give us a competitive advantage. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The risks associated with patents and intellectual property are more fully discussed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  including the risk factors entitled  Our proprietary rights may prove difficult to enforce,   We may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others,  and  We rely on the availability of third-party licenses.  
  Employees  
  Employees are summarized as follows (approximate numbers): 

(1)      Cost of sales includes manufacturing support, services, and training. 

9 

     Table of Contents  

Executive Officers of the Registrant 
  The following table shows the name, age, and position as of August 31, 2018 of each of our executive officers: 
                       Name 
      
    Age 
      
       Position with the Company 
      Charles H. Robbins 
      
    52 
      
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
      Mark Chandler 
      
    62 
      
    Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 
      Gerri Elliott 
      
    62 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer 
      David Goeckeler 
      
    56 
      
    Executive Vice President and General Manager, Security and Networking Business 
      Kelly A. Kramer 
      
    51 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      Maria Martinez 
      
    60 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Experience Officer 
      Irving Tan 
      
    48 
      
    Senior Vice President, Operations 

Mr. Robbins   has served as Chief Executive Officer since July 2015, as a member of the Board of Directors since May 2015 and as Chairman of the Board since December 2017. He joined Cisco in December 1997, from which time until March 2002 he held a number of managerial positions within Cisco s sales organization. Mr. Robbins was promoted to Vice President in March 2002, assuming leadership of Cisco s U.S. channel sales organization. Additionally, in July 2005 he assumed leadership of Cisco s Canada channel sales organization. In December 2007, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial, and in August 2009 he was appointed Senior Vice President, U.S. Enterprise, Commercial and Canada. In July 2011, Mr. Robbins was named Senior Vice President, Americas. In October 2012, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, in which position he served until assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer. He is a member of the board of directors of BlackRock, Inc. 
  Mr. Chandler   joined Cisco in July 1996, upon Cisco s acquisition of StrataCom, Inc., where he served as General Counsel. He served as Cisco s Managing Attorney for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa from December 1996 until June 1999; as Director, Worldwide Legal Operations from June 1999 until February 2001; and was promoted to Vice President, Worldwide Legal Services in February 2001. In October 2001, Mr. Chandler was promoted to Vice President, Legal Services and General Counsel, and in May 2003 he additionally was appointed Secretary, a position he held through November 2015. In February 2006, Mr. Chandler was promoted to Senior Vice President, and in May 2012 he was appointed Chief Compliance Officer. In June 2018, Mr. Chandler was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Before joining StrataCom, Mr. Chandler had served as Vice President, Corporate Development and General Counsel of Maxtor Corporation. 
  Ms. Elliott   joined Cisco in April 2018.  Ms. Elliott is a former Executive Vice President of Juniper Networks, Inc., where she served as EVP and Chief Customer Officer from March 2013 to February 2014, EVP and Chief Sales Officer from July 2011 to March 2013 and EVP, Strategic Alliances from June 2009 to July 2011.  Before joining Juniper, Ms. Elliott held a series of senior executive positions with Microsoft Corporation from 2001-2008 including Corporate Vice President of Microsoft s Industry Solutions Group, Worldwide Public Sector and North American Enterprise Sales organizations. Prior to joining Microsoft Corporation, Ms. Elliott spent 22 years at IBM Corporation, where she held several senior executive positions both in the U.S. and internationally.  Since 2014 Ms. Elliott has served as a director on several public company boards including Whirlpool Corporation (since 2014), Bed Bath   Beyond, Inc. (2014-17), Imperva, Inc. (2015-18), Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (2017-18) and Mimecast Ltd. (2017-18), and during this period she also founded and led the development of Broadrooms.com, an informational resource for executive women who serve or want to serve on corporate boards in the U.S. 
  Mr. Goeckeler   joined Cisco in May 2000, from which time until December 2010 he held a variety of leadership positions within Cisco s engineering organization, covering such technology focus areas as voice over IP, mobility, video infrastructure and networking.  In December 2010, Mr. Goeckeler was promoted to Vice President, Engineering, in which his responsibilities included leading various product and platform-related initiatives within Cisco s Service Provider Business group.  In October 2012, Mr. Goeckeler assumed leadership of engineering in Cisco's Security Business, and in November 2014 was promoted to Senior Vice President. In March 2016 he was elevated to Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Security Business.  In May 2016, Mr. Goeckeler added networking to his oversight responsibilities, assuming the role of Senior Vice President, Networking and Security Business, and was promoted to Executive Vice President in July 2017. In March 2018, Mr. Goeckeler assumed the added responsibility for Cisco's IoT and analytics businesses. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Ms. Kramer     joined Cisco in January 2012 as Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance. She served in that position until October 2014 and served as Cisco s Senior Vice President, Business Technology and Operations Finance from October 2013 until December 2014. She was appointed to her current position effective January 2015. From January 2009 until she joined Cisco, Ms. Kramer served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE Healthcare Systems. Ms. Kramer served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE Healthcare Diagnostic Imaging from August 2007 to January 2009 and as Chief Financial Officer of GE Healthcare Biosciences from January 2006 to July 2007. Prior to that, Ms. Kramer held various leadership positions with GE corporate and other GE businesses. She is a member of the board of directors of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
  Ms. Martinez   joined Cisco in April 2018.  Prior to joining Cisco, she served in a variety of senior executive roles at Salesforce.com, inc. including President, Global Customer Success and Latin America from March 2016 to April 2018; President, Sales and Customer Success from February 2013 to March 2016; Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer from February 2012 to February 2013; and Executive Vice President, Customers for Life from February 2010 to February 2012.  Ms. Martinez s experience prior to Salesforce includes Corporate Vice President of Worldwide Services at Microsoft Corporation, President and Chief Executive Officer of Embrace Networks, Inc. and various senior leadership roles at Motorola, Inc. and AT T Inc./Bell Laboratories. Ms. Martinez was a member of the board of directors of Plantronics, Inc. from September 2015 to April 2018. 
  Mr. Tan   joined Cisco in December 2005, serving in manager-level and director-level positions within Cisco s Sales and Managed Services functions until March 2008, at which time he joined Hewlett Packard Corporation as General Manager of its Communications and Media Solutions Group in Asia Pacific and Japan.  In April 2009, Mr. Tan rejoined Cisco, serving as Sales Director in charge of Malaysia and Singapore, and in February 2013 he was promoted to Vice President, Sales with responsibility for the Southeast Asia region.  In April 2014, Mr. Tan was promoted to Senior Vice President, Sales with responsibility for Cisco s APJ geography. In January 2018, he was promoted to his current position. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. 
  OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE IN FUTURE PERIODS, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE  
  Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. These factors include:     

Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to service providers and Internet businesses, in part due to changes in the global economic environment 

Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers  spending plans and associated revenue 

Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments 

Price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation and different business models from various geographic regions 

The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers 

The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, and our success in new and evolving markets, and in emerging technologies, as well as the adoption of new standards  

The transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings where revenue is recognized over time 

Variations in sales channels, product costs, mix of products sold, or mix of direct sales and indirect sales 

The timing, size, and mix of orders from customers 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Manufacturing and customer lead times 

Fluctuations in our gross margins, and the factors that contribute to such fluctuations, as described below 

The ability of our customers, channel partners, contract manufacturers and suppliers to obtain financing or to fund capital expenditures, especially during a period of global credit market disruption or in the event of customer, channel partner, contract manufacturer or supplier financial problems 

Actual events, circumstances, outcomes, and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining the values of certain assets (including the amounts of related valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements 

How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model that could result in significant restructuring charges 

Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions 

Benefits anticipated from our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing 

Changes in tax laws or accounting rules, or interpretations thereof 

As a consequence, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition that could adversely affect our stock price.  
  OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY UNFAVORABLE ECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS AND THE UNCERTAIN GEOPOLITICAL ENVIRONMENT  
  Challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed, and may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the communications and networking industries at large, as well as in specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in: 

Reduced demand for our products as a result of continued constraints on IT-related capital spending by our customers, particularly service providers, and other customer markets as well 

Increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors but also as a consequence of customers disposing of unutilized products 

Risk of excess and obsolete inventories 

Risk of supply constraints 

Risk of excess facilities and manufacturing capacity 

Higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue and higher interest expense 

The global macroeconomic environment has been challenging and inconsistent. Instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding global central bank monetary policy, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world including as a result of the recent United Kingdom  Brexit  referendum to withdraw from the European Union, the current economic challenges in China, including global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties, and other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in key markets, remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition.    
  Our operating results in one or more segments may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions particularly germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within that segment. For example, emerging countries in the aggregate experienced a decline in product orders in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, in fiscal 2017 and in certain prior periods. 
  In addition, reports of certain intelligence gathering methods of the U.S. government could affect customers  perception of the products of IT companies which design and manufacture products in the United States. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

is critical to the development and growth of our markets. Impairment of that trust, or foreign regulatory actions taken in response to reports of certain intelligence gathering methods of the U.S. government, could affect the demand for our products from customers outside of the United States and could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
  WE HAVE BEEN INVESTING AND EXPECT TO CONTINUE TO INVEST IN KEY PRIORITY AND GROWTH AREAS AS WELL AS MAINTAINING LEADERSHIP IN INFRASTRUCTURE PLATFORMS AND IN SERVICES, AND IF THE RETURN ON THESE INVESTMENTS IS LOWER OR DEVELOPS MORE SLOWLY THAN WE EXPECT, OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE HARMED  
  We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key priority and growth areas, such as Security and Applications, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in Infrastructure Platforms and in Services. However, the return on our investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments (including if our selection of areas for investment does not play out as we expect), or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected.  
  OUR REVENUE FOR A PARTICULAR PERIOD IS DIFFICULT TO PREDICT, AND A SHORTFALL IN REVENUE MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS  
  As a result of a variety of factors discussed in this report, our revenue for a particular quarter is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment and related market uncertainty.  
  Our revenue may grow at a slower rate than in past periods or decline as it did in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and in fiscal 2017 on a year-over-year basis. Our ability to meet financial expectations could also be adversely affected if the nonlinear sales pattern seen in some of our past quarters recurs in future periods. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. In addition to making it difficult to predict revenue for a particular period, nonlinearity in shipping can increase costs, because irregular shipment patterns result in periods of underutilized capacity and periods in which overtime expenses may be incurred, as well as in potential additional inventory management-related costs. In addition, to the extent that manufacturing issues and any related component shortages result in delayed shipments in the future, and particularly in periods in which our contract manufacturers are operating at higher levels of capacity, it is possible that revenue for a quarter could be adversely affected if such matters occur and are not remediated within the same quarter.  
  The timing of large orders can also have a significant effect on our business and operating results from quarter to quarter, primarily in the United States and in emerging countries. From time to time, we receive large orders that have a significant effect on our operating results in the period in which the order is recognized as revenue. The timing of such orders is difficult to predict, and the timing of revenue recognition from such orders may affect period to period changes in revenue. As a result, our operating results could vary materially from quarter to quarter based on the receipt of such orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue.  
  Inventory management remains an area of focus. We have experienced longer than normal manufacturing lead times in the past which have caused some customers to place the same order multiple times within our various sales channels and to cancel the duplicative orders upon receipt of the product, or to place orders with other vendors with shorter manufacturing lead times. Such multiple ordering (along with other factors) or risk of order cancellation may cause difficulty in predicting our revenue and, as a result, could impair our ability to manage parts inventory effectively. In addition, our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in backlog levels could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results. In addition, when facing component supply-related challenges we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contribute to an increase in purchase commitments. Increases in our purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to excess and obsolete inventory charges if the demand for our products is less than our expectations.  
  We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels. These expenses and the impact of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce these fixed expenses in response to short-term business changes.  
  Any of the above factors could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial results.  
  WE EXPECT GROSS MARGIN TO VARY OVER TIME, AND OUR LEVEL OF PRODUCT GROSS MARGIN MAY NOT BE SUSTAINABLE  
  Our product gross margins declined on a year-over-year basis and could decline in future quarters due to adverse impacts from various factors, including:     

Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of configurations within each product group 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Introduction of new products, including products with price-performance advantages, and new business models including the transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings 

Our ability to reduce production costs 

Entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets, including markets with different pricing and cost structures, through acquisitions or internal development 

Sales discounts 

Increases in material, labor or other manufacturing-related costs, which could be significant especially during periods of supply constraints such as those impacting the market for memory components 

Excess inventory and inventory holding charges 

Obsolescence charges 

Changes in shipment volume 

The timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals 

Increased cost (including those caused by tariffs), loss of cost savings or dilution of savings due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding periods if parts ordering does not correctly anticipate product demand or if the financial health of either contract manufacturers or suppliers deteriorates 

Lower than expected benefits from value engineering 

Increased price competition, including competitors from Asia, especially from China 

Changes in distribution channels 

Increased warranty costs 

Increased amortization of purchased intangible assets, especially from acquisitions 

How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans 

Changes in service gross margin may result from various factors such as changes in the mix between technical support services and advanced services, as well as the timing of technical support service contract initiations and renewals and the addition of personnel and other resources to support higher levels of service business in future periods.  
  SALES TO THE SERVICE PROVIDER MARKET ARE ESPECIALLY VOLATILE, AND WEAKNESS IN ORDERS FROM THIS INDUSTRY MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION  
  Sales to the service provider market have been characterized by large and sporadic purchases, especially relating to our router sales and sales of certain other Infrastructure Platforms and Applications products, in addition to longer sales cycles. Although product orders from the service provider market increased in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, service provider product orders decreased in the first nine months of fiscal 2018 and in fiscal 2017, and at various times in the past we have experienced significant weakness in product orders from service providers. Product orders from the service provider market could continue to decline and, as has been the case in the past, such weakness could persist over extended periods of time given fluctuating market conditions. Sales activity in this industry depends upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which service providers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in the country of operations. Weakness in orders from this industry, including as a result of any slowdown in capital expenditures by service providers (which may be more prevalent during a global economic downturn, or periods of economic, political or regulatory uncertainty), could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Such slowdowns may continue or recur in future periods. Orders from this industry could decline for many reasons other than the competitiveness of our products and services within their respective markets. For example, in the past, many of our service provider customers have been materially and adversely affected by slowdowns in the general economy, by overcapacity, by changes in the service provider market, by regulatory developments, and by constraints on capital availability, resulting in business failures and substantial reductions in  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

spending and expansion plans. These conditions have materially harmed our business and operating results in the past, and some of these or other conditions in the service provider market could affect our business and operating results in any future period. Finally, service provider customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of services, including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers. 
  DISRUPTION OF OR CHANGES IN OUR DISTRIBUTION MODEL COULD HARM OUR SALES AND MARGINS  
  If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly, or if our distributors  financial condition or operations weaken, our revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected.  
  A substantial portion of our products and services is sold through our channel partners, and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Our channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other resellers, and distributors. Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution, and a number of service providers are also systems integrators. Distributors stock inventory and typically sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our two-tier system of sales to the end customer. Revenue from distributors is generally recognized based on a sell-through method using information provided by them. These distributors are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. If sales through indirect channels increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting the mix of our products and, to a degree, the timing of orders from our customers.  
  Historically, we have seen fluctuations in our gross margins based on changes in the balance of our distribution channels. Although variability to date has not been significant, there can be no assurance that changes in the balance of our distribution model in future periods would not have an adverse effect on our gross margins and profitability.  
  Some factors could result in disruption of or changes in our distribution model, which could harm our sales and margins, including the following: 

We compete with some of our channel partners, including through our direct sales, which may lead these channel partners to use other suppliers that do not directly sell their own products or otherwise compete with them 

Some of our channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share of the risks that their customers may ask them to bear 

Some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions 

Revenue from indirect sales could suffer if our distributors  financial condition or operations weaken 

In addition, we depend on our channel partners globally to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, sales of our products outside of agreed territories can result in disruption to our distribution channels. 
  THE MARKETS IN WHICH WE COMPETE ARE INTENSELY COMPETITIVE, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR ACHIEVEMENT OF REVENUE GROWTH  
  The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. These market factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product areas, and in key priority and growth areas. For example, as products related to network programmability, such as SDN products, become more prevalent, we expect to face increased competition from companies that develop networking products based on commoditized hardware, referred to as "white box" hardware, to the extent customers decide to purchase those product offerings instead of ours. In addition, the growth in demand for technology delivered as a service enables new competitors to enter the market.  
  As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we anticipate this will continue. For information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled  Competition  contained in   Item 1. Business   of this report. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Some of our competitors compete across many of our product lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product area. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could compete with our products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets, we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors, including existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets. We also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products. Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and in our view this trend may increase.  
  For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a fundamental transformation arising from the convergence of technologies, including computing, networking, storage, and software, that previously were segregated. Due to several factors, including the availability of highly scalable and general purpose microprocessors, ASICs offering advanced services, standards based protocols, cloud computing and virtualization, the convergence of technologies within the enterprise data center is spanning multiple, previously independent, technology segments. Also, some of our current and potential competitors for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them to provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. As a result of all of these developments, we face greater competition in the development and sale of enterprise data center technologies, including competition from entities that are among our long-term strategic alliance partners. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. 
  The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we presently compete and may compete in the future include: 

The ability to sell successful business outcomes 

The ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services 

Product performance 

Price 

The ability to introduce new products, including providing continuous new customer value and products with price-performance advantages 

The ability to reduce production costs 

The ability to provide value-added features such as security, reliability, and investment protection 

Conformance to standards 

Market presence 

The ability to provide financing 

Disruptive technology shifts and new business models 

We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology and suppliers from which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. As such, we must cooperate and at the same time compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and accordingly affect our chances of success.  
  OUR INVENTORY MANAGEMENT RELATING TO OUR SALES TO OUR TWO-TIER DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL IS COMPLEX, AND EXCESS INVENTORY MAY HARM OUR GROSS MARGINS  
  We must manage our inventory relating to sales to our distributors effectively, because inventory held by them could affect our results of operations. Our distributors may increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high, or delay orders in anticipation of new products. They also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors that are available to them, and in response to seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. Revenue to our distributors generally is recognized based on a sell-through method using information provided by them, and they are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling price, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. Inventory management remains an area of focus as we balance the need  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. When facing component supply-related challenges, we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations. If we ultimately determine that we have excess inventory, we may have to reduce our prices and write down inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins.  
  SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES, INCLUDING FINANCIAL PROBLEMS OF CONTRACT MANUFACTURERS OR COMPONENT SUPPLIERS, OR A SHORTAGE OF ADEQUATE COMPONENT SUPPLY OR MANUFACTURING CAPACITY THAT INCREASED OUR COSTS OR CAUSED A DELAY IN OUR ABILITY TO FULFILL ORDERS, COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS, AND OUR FAILURE TO ESTIMATE CUSTOMER DEMAND PROPERLY MAY RESULT IN EXCESS OR OBSOLETE COMPONENT SUPPLY, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR GROSS MARGINS  
  The fact that we do not own or operate the bulk of our manufacturing facilities and that we are reliant on our extended supply chain could have an adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our business and operating results: 

Any financial problems of either contract manufacturers or component suppliers could either limit supply or increase costs 

Reservation of manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other companies, inside or outside of our industry, could either limit supply or increase costs 

Industry consolidation occurring within one or more component supplier markets, such as the semiconductor market, could either limit supply or increase costs 

A reduction or interruption in supply; a significant increase in the price of one or more components; a failure to adequately authorize procurement of inventory by our contract manufacturers; a failure to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs; or a decrease in demand for our products could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase components at prices that are higher than those available in the current market. In the event that we become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the components are actually used, our gross margins could decrease. We have experienced longer than normal lead times in the past. Although we have generally secured additional supply or taken other mitigation actions when significant disruptions have occurred, if similar situations occur in the future, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. See the risk factor above entitled  Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our operating results.    
  Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, including shortages caused by manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations. We may in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of our own manufacturing issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers, capacity problems experienced by our suppliers or contract manufacturers including capacity or cost problems resulting from industry consolidation, or strong demand in the industry for those parts. Growth in the economy is likely to create greater pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately project overall component demand and component demands within specific product categories and to establish optimal component levels and manufacturing capacity, especially for labor-intensive components, components for which we purchase a substantial portion of the supply, or the re-ramping of manufacturing capacity for highly complex products. During periods of shortages or delays the price of components may increase, or the components may not be available at all, and we may also encounter shortages if we do not accurately anticipate our needs. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. Accordingly, our revenue and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. Our operating results would also be adversely affected if, anticipating greater demand than actually develops, we commit to the purchase of more components than we need, which is more likely to occur in a period of demand uncertainties such as we are currently experiencing. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter these problems in the future. Although in many cases we use standard parts and components for our products, certain components are presently available only from a single source or limited sources, and a global economic downturn and related market uncertainty could negatively impact the availability of components from one or more of these sources, especially during times such as we have recently seen when there are supplier constraints based on labor and other actions taken during economic downturns. We may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to deliver products to customers and seriously impact present and future sales.  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

We believe that we may be faced with the following challenges in the future:     

New markets in which we participate may grow quickly, which may make it difficult to quickly obtain significant component capacity 

As we acquire companies and new technologies, we may be dependent, at least initially, on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners 

We face competition for certain components that are supply-constrained, from existing competitors, and companies in other markets 

Manufacturing capacity and component supply constraints could continue to be significant issues for us. We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to improve manufacturing lead-time performance and to help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. When facing component supply-related challenges we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contributes to an increase in purchase commitments. Increases in our purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to excess and obsolete inventory charges if the demand for our products is less than our expectations. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly, an oversupply of parts could result in excess or obsolete components that could adversely affect our gross margins. For additional information regarding our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  WE DEPEND UPON THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PRODUCTS AND ENHANCEMENTS TO EXISTING PRODUCTS, AND IF WE FAIL TO PREDICT AND RESPOND TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGICAL TRENDS AND CUSTOMERS  CHANGING NEEDS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND MARKET SHARE MAY SUFFER  
  The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new product introductions, and evolving methods of building and operating networks. Our operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce new products into existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products. Many of our strategic initiatives and investments we have made, and our architectural approach, are designed to enable the increased use of the network as the platform for automating, orchestrating, integrating, and delivering an ever-increasing array of IT-based products and services. For example, in June 2017 we announced our Catalyst 9000 series of switches which represent the initial foundation of our intent-based networking capabilities. Other current initiatives include our focus on security; the market transition related to digital transformation and IoT; the transition in cloud; and the move towards more programmable, flexible and virtual networks. 
  The process of developing new technology, including intent-based networking, more programmable, flexible and virtual networks, and technology related to other market transitions  such as security, digital transformation and IoT, and cloud  is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers  changing needs and emerging technological trends our business could be harmed. We must commit significant resources, including the investments we have been making in our priorities to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. In particular, if our model of the evolution of networking does not emerge as we believe it will, or if the industry does not evolve as we believe it will, or if our strategy for addressing this evolution is not successful, many of our strategic initiatives and investments may be of no or limited value. For example, if we do not introduce products related to network programmability, such as software-defined-networking products, in a timely fashion, or if product offerings in this market that ultimately succeed are based on technology, or an approach to technology, that differs from ours, such as, for example, networking products based on  white box  hardware, our business could be harmed. Similarly, our business could be harmed if we fail to develop, or fail to develop in a timely fashion, offerings to address other transitions, or if the offerings addressing these other transitions that ultimately succeed are based on technology, or an approach to technology, different from ours. In addition, our business could be adversely affected in periods surrounding our new product introductions if customers delay purchasing decisions to qualify or otherwise evaluate the new product offerings. 
  Our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions that deliver greater agility, productivity, security and other advanced network capabilities, and that intelligently connect nearly everything that can be connected. Over the last few years, we have been transforming our business to move from selling individual products and services to selling products and services integrated into architectures and solutions, and we are seeking to meet the evolving needs of customers which include offering our products and solutions in the manner in which customers wish to consume them. As a part of this transformation, we continue to make changes to how we are organized and how we build and deliver our technology, including changes in our business models with customers. If our strategy for addressing our customer needs, or the architectures and solutions we develop do not  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

meet those needs, or the changes we are making in how we are organized and how we build and deliver or technology is incorrect or ineffective, our business could be harmed.  
  Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on our vision or strategy because of challenges with regard to product planning and timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors, some of which may also be our strategic alliance partners, providing those solutions before we do and loss of market share, revenue, and earnings. In addition, the growth in demand for technology delivered as a service enables new competitors to enter the market. The success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies developed by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. The products and technologies in our other product categories and key priority and growth areas may not prove to have the market success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in other emerging or new products. 
  CHANGES IN INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND MARKET CONDITIONS COULD LEAD TO CHARGES RELATED TO DISCONTINUANCES OF CERTAIN OF OUR PRODUCTS OR BUSINESSES, ASSET IMPAIRMENTS AND WORKFORCE REDUCTIONS OR RESTRUCTURINGS 
  In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and to consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses. Any resource realignment, or decision to limit investment in or dispose of or otherwise exit businesses, may result in the recording of special charges, such as inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction or restructuring costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Although in certain instances our supply agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed, our loss contingencies may include liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel with contract manufacturers and suppliers. Further, our estimates relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are affected by changes in real estate market conditions. Additionally, we are required to perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis and between annual tests in certain circumstances, and future goodwill impairment tests may result in a charge to earnings. 
  We initiated a restructuring plan in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. The implementation of this restructuring plan may be disruptive to our business, and following completion of the restructuring plan our business may not be more efficient or effective than prior to implementation of the plan. Our restructuring activities, including any related charges and the impact of the related headcount restructurings, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  OVER THE LONG TERM WE INTEND TO INVEST IN ENGINEERING, SALES, SERVICE AND MARKETING ACTIVITIES, AND THESE INVESTMENTS MAY ACHIEVE DELAYED, OR LOWER THAN EXPECTED, BENEFITS WHICH COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS  
  While we intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses, over the long term, we also intend to invest in personnel and other resources related to our engineering, sales, service and marketing functions as we realign and dedicate resources on key priority and growth areas, such as Security and Applications, and we also intend to focus on maintaining leadership in Infrastructure Platforms and in Services. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected.  
  OUR BUSINESS SUBSTANTIALLY DEPENDS UPON THE CONTINUED GROWTH OF THE INTERNET AND INTERNET-BASED SYSTEMS  
  A substantial portion of our business and revenue depends on growth and evolution of the Internet, including the continued development of the Internet and the anticipated market transitions, and on the deployment of our products by customers who depend on such continued growth and evolution. To the extent that an economic slowdown or uncertainty and related reduction in capital spending adversely affect spending on Internet infrastructure, including spending or investment related to anticipated market transitions, we could experience material harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
  Because of the rapid introduction of new products and changing customer requirements related to matters such as cost-effectiveness and security, we believe that there could be performance problems with Internet communications in the future, which could receive a high degree of publicity and visibility. Because we are a large supplier of networking products, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be materially adversely affected, regardless of whether or not these problems are due to the performance  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

of our own products. Such an event could also result in a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock independent of direct effects on our business.  
  WE HAVE MADE AND EXPECT TO CONTINUE TO MAKE ACQUISITIONS THAT COULD DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS  
  Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through acquisitions of other companies, product lines, technologies, and personnel. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following: 

Difficulties in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of the acquired companies, particularly companies with large and widespread operations and/or complex products 

Diversion of management s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting from acquisitions 

Potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development intangibles 

Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions 

Initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners 

Insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions 

The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing after announcement of acquisition plans 
   
 Acquisitions may also cause us to:     

Issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders  percentage ownership 

Use a substantial portion of our cash resources, or incur debt 

Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition 

Assume liabilities 

Record goodwill and intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges 

Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets 

Incur tax expenses related to the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure 

Incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses 

Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation 

Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. Prior acquisitions have resulted in a wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to a failure to do so. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that pre-acquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products.  
  From time to time, we have made acquisitions that resulted in charges in an individual quarter. These charges may occur in any particular quarter, resulting in variability in our quarterly earnings. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions. Risks related to new product development also apply to acquisitions. See the  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

risk factors above, including the risk factor entitled  We depend upon the development of new products and enhancements to existing products, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers  changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer  for additional information.  
  ENTRANCE INTO NEW OR DEVELOPING MARKETS EXPOSES US TO ADDITIONAL COMPETITION AND WILL LIKELY INCREASE DEMANDS ON OUR SERVICE AND SUPPORT OPERATIONS  
  As we focus on new market opportunities and key priority and growth areas, we will increasingly compete with large telecommunications equipment suppliers as well as startup companies. Several of our competitors may have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. Additionally, as customers in these markets complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels of service, support, and financing than we have provided in the past, especially in emerging countries. Demand for these types of service, support, or financing contracts may increase in the future. There can be no assurance that we can provide products, service, support, and financing to effectively compete for these market opportunities.  
  Further, provision of greater levels of services, support and financing by us may result in a delay in the timing of revenue recognition. In addition, entry into other markets has subjected and will subject us to additional risks, particularly to those markets, including the effects of general market conditions and reduced consumer confidence. For example, as we add direct selling capabilities globally to meet changing customer demands, we will face increased legal and regulatory requirements. 
  INDUSTRY CONSOLIDATION MAY LEAD TO INCREASED COMPETITION AND MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS  
  There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. For example, some of our current and potential competitors for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them with the ability to provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the service provider market, rapid consolidation will lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants.  
  PRODUCT QUALITY PROBLEMS COULD LEAD TO REDUCED REVENUE, GROSS MARGINS, AND NET INCOME  
  We produce highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. Software typically contains bugs that can unexpectedly interfere with expected operations. There can be no assurance that our pre-shipment testing programs will be adequate to detect all defects, either ones in individual products or ones that could affect numerous shipments, which might interfere with customer satisfaction, reduce sales opportunities, or affect gross margins. From time to time, we have had to replace certain components and provide remediation in response to the discovery of defects or bugs in products that we had shipped. There can be no assurance that such remediation, depending on the product involved, would not have a material impact. An inability to cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, inventory costs, or product reengineering expenses, any of which could have a material impact on our revenue, margins, and net income. For example, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 we recorded a charge to product cost of sales of $125 million related to the expected remediation costs for anticipated failures in future periods of a widely-used component sourced from a third party which is included in several of our products, and in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 we recorded a pre-tax charge of $655 million related to the expected remediation costs for certain products sold in prior fiscal years containing memory components manufactured by a single supplier between 2005 and 2010.  
  DUE TO THE GLOBAL NATURE OF OUR OPERATIONS, POLITICAL OR ECONOMIC CHANGES OR OTHER FACTORS IN A SPECIFIC COUNTRY OR REGION COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
  We conduct significant sales and customer support operations in countries around the world. As such, our growth depends in part on our increasing sales into emerging countries. We also depend on non-U.S. operations of our contract manufacturers, component suppliers and distribution partners. Emerging countries in the aggregate experienced a decline in orders in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, in fiscal 2017 and in certain prior periods. We continue to assess the sustainability of any improvements in these countries and there can be no assurance that our investments in these countries will be successful. Our future results could be materially adversely affected by a variety of political, economic or other factors relating to our operations inside and outside the United States, including impacts from global central bank monetary policy; issues related to the political relationship between the United States and other countries that can affect the willingness of customers in those countries to purchase products from companies  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

headquartered in the United States; and the challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, including, among others, the following: 

Foreign currency exchange rates 

Political or social unrest 

Economic instability or weakness or natural disasters in a specific country or region,     including the current economic challenges in China and global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties; instability as a result of Brexit; environmental protection measures, trade protection measures such as tariffs, and other legal and regulatory requirements, some of which may affect our ability to import our products, to export our products from, or sell our products in various countries 

Political considerations that affect service provider and government spending patterns 

Health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic 

Difficulties in staffing and managing international operations 

Adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on our global operations 

WE ARE EXPOSED TO THE CREDIT RISK OF SOME OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND TO CREDIT EXPOSURES IN WEAKENED MARKETS, WHICH COULD RESULT IN MATERIAL LOSSES  
  Most of our sales are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days in the United States and, because of local customs or conditions, longer in some markets outside the United States. We monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe the customers can pay, and maintain reserves we believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful accounts. Beyond our open credit arrangements, we have also experienced demands for customer financing and facilitation of leasing arrangements. We expect demand for customer financing to continue, and recently we have been experiencing an increase in this demand as the credit markets have been impacted by the challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment, including increased demand from customers in certain emerging countries.  
  We believe customer financing is a competitive factor in obtaining business, particularly in serving customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our loan financing arrangements may include not only financing the acquisition of our products and services but also providing additional funds for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services.  
  Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our financing activities described above may increase if our customers are adversely affected by a global economic downturn or periods of economic uncertainty. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risk, including monitoring of particular risks in certain geographic areas, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks.  
  In the past, there have been significant bankruptcies among customers both on open credit and with loan or lease financing arrangements, particularly among Internet businesses and service providers, causing us to incur economic or financial losses. There can be no assurance that additional losses will not be incurred. Although these losses have not been material to date, future losses, if incurred, could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A portion of our sales is derived through our distributors. These distributors are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. We maintain estimated accruals and allowances for such business terms. However, distributors tend to have more limited financial resources than other resellers and end-user customers and therefore represent potential sources of increased credit risk, because they may be more likely to lack the reserve resources to meet payment obligations. Additionally, to the degree that turmoil in the credit markets makes it more difficult for some customers to obtain financing, those customers  ability to pay could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.  
  WE ARE EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN THE MARKET VALUES OF OUR PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS AND IN INTEREST RATES; IMPAIRMENT OF OUR INVESTMENTS COULD HARM OUR EARNINGS  
  We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These securities are generally classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. Our portfolio includes fixed income securities and equity investments in publicly traded companies, the values of which are subject to market price volatility to the extent unhedged. If such investments suffer market price declines, as we experienced with some of our investments in the past, we may recognize  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

in earnings the decline in the fair value of our investments below their cost basis when the decline is judged to be other than temporary. For information regarding the sensitivity of and risks associated with the market value of portfolio investments and interest rates, refer to the section titled  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  Our investments in private companies are subject to risk of loss of investment capital. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products they have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose our entire investment in these companies.  
  WE ARE EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES THAT COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CASH FLOWS  
  Because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. Historically, our primary exposures have related to nondollar-denominated sales in Japan, Canada, and Australia and certain nondollar-denominated operating expenses and service cost of sales in Europe, Latin America, and Asia, where we sell primarily in U.S. dollars. Additionally, we have exposures to emerging market currencies, which can have extreme currency volatility. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the United States where we sell in dollars and a weakened dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies.  
  Currently, we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts and options to reduce the short-term impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency receivables, investments, and payables. In addition, we periodically hedge anticipated foreign currency cash flows. Our attempts to hedge against these risks may result in an adverse impact on our net income.  
  OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS MAY PROVE DIFFICULT TO ENFORCE  
  We generally rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. Although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance that any of these patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide competitive advantages to us. Furthermore, many key aspects of networking technology are governed by industrywide standards, which are usable by all market entrants. In addition, there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending applications or that claims allowed on any patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. The outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if such actions were determined under the laws of the United States. Although we are not dependent on any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights to the totality of the features (including aspects of products protected other than by patent rights) in a market, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time, and effort required to create innovative products that have enabled us to be successful.  
  WE MAY BE FOUND TO INFRINGE ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS  
  Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the networking field, the secrecy of some pending patents, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is not economically practical or even possible to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes or will infringe on the patent rights of others. The asserted claims and/or initiated litigation can include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers, or customers, alleging infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products or components of those products. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel, or require us to develop a non-infringing technology or enter into license agreements. Where claims are made by customers, resistance even to unmeritorious claims could damage customer relationships. There can be no assurance that licenses will be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all, or that our indemnification by our suppliers will be adequate to cover our costs if a claim were brought directly against us or our customers. Furthermore, because of the potential for high court awards that are not necessarily predictable, it is not unusual to find even arguably unmeritorious claims settled for significant amounts. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, if we are required to indemnify a customer with respect to a claim against the customer, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. For additional information regarding our indemnification obligations, see Note 12(g) to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Our exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual property may be increased as a result of acquisitions, as we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. Further, in the past, third parties have made infringement and similar claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition.  
  WE RELY ON THE AVAILABILITY OF THIRD-PARTY LICENSES  
  Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of these products. There can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products.  
  OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND DAMAGE TO OUR REPUTATION MAY OCCUR DUE TO PRODUCTION AND SALE OF COUNTERFEIT VERSIONS OF OUR PRODUCTS 
  As is the case with leading products around the world, our products are subject to efforts by third parties to produce counterfeit versions of our products. While we work diligently with law enforcement authorities in various countries to block the manufacture of counterfeit goods and to interdict their sale, and to detect counterfeit products in customer networks, and have succeeded in prosecuting counterfeiters and their distributors, resulting in fines, imprisonment and restitution to us, there can be no guarantee that such efforts will succeed. While counterfeiters often aim their sales at customers who might not have otherwise purchased our products due to lack of verifiability of origin and service, such counterfeit sales, to the extent they replace otherwise legitimate sales, could adversely affect our operating results. 
  OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS COULD BE MATERIALLY HARMED BY UNCERTAINTIES OF REGULATION OF THE INTERNET  
  Currently, few laws or regulations apply directly to access or commerce on the Internet. We could be materially adversely affected by regulation of the Internet and Internet commerce in any country where we operate. Such regulations could include matters such as voice over the Internet or using IP, encryption technology, sales or other taxes on Internet product or service sales, and access charges for Internet service providers. The adoption of regulation of the Internet and Internet commerce could decrease demand for our products and, at the same time, increase the cost of selling our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.  
  CHANGES IN TELECOMMUNICATIONS REGULATION AND TARIFFS COULD HARM OUR PROSPECTS AND FUTURE SALES  
  Changes in telecommunications requirements, or regulatory requirements in other industries in which we operate, in the United States or other countries could affect the sales of our products. In particular, we believe that there may be future changes in U.S. telecommunications regulations that could slow the expansion of the service providers  network infrastructures and materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition, including "net neutrality" rules to the extent they impact decisions on investment in network infrastructure.  
  Future changes in tariffs by regulatory agencies or application of tariff requirements to currently untariffed services could affect the sales of our products for certain classes of customers. Additionally, in the United States, our products must comply with various requirements and regulations of the Federal Communications Commission and other regulatory authorities. In countries outside of the United States, our products must meet various requirements of local telecommunications and other industry authorities. Changes in tariffs or failure by us to obtain timely approval of products could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.  
  FAILURE TO RETAIN AND RECRUIT KEY PERSONNEL WOULD HARM OUR ABILITY TO MEET KEY OBJECTIVES  
  Our success has always depended in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California. Stock incentive plans are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us. Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price or equity incentive awards, or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, resulting from the management of share dilution and share-based compensation expense or otherwise, may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees. As a result of one or more of these factors, we may increase our hiring in geographic areas outside the United States, which could subject us to additional geopolitical and exchange rate risk. The loss of services of any of our key personnel; the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

future; or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. In addition, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that competitors have engaged in improper hiring practices. We have received these claims in the past and may receive additional claims to this effect in the future. 
  ADVERSE RESOLUTION OF LITIGATION OR GOVERNMENTAL INVESTIGATIONS MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS OR FINANCIAL CONDITION  
  We are a party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. For example, Brazilian authorities have investigated our Brazilian subsidiary and certain of its former employees, as well as a Brazilian importer of our products, and its affiliates and employees, relating to alleged evasion of import taxes and alleged improper transactions involving the subsidiary and the importer. Brazilian tax authorities have assessed claims against our Brazilian subsidiary based on a theory of joint liability with the Brazilian importer for import taxes, interest, and penalties. The asserted claims by Brazilian federal tax authorities which remain are for calendar years 2003 through 2007, and the asserted claims by the tax authorities from the state of Sao Paulo are for calendar years 2005 through 2007. The total asserted claims by Brazilian state and federal tax authorities aggregate to   $218 million   for the alleged evasion of import and other taxes,   $1.4 billion   for interest, and   $1.0 billion   for various penalties, all determined using an exchange rate as of   July 28, 2018  . We have completed a thorough review of the matters and believe the asserted claims against our Brazilian subsidiary are without merit, and we are defending the claims vigorously. While we believe there is no legal basis for the alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserting joint liability with the importer, we are unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our Brazilian subsidiary and are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect a final judicial determination for several years. An unfavorable resolution of lawsuits or governmental investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. For additional information regarding certain of the matters in which we are involved, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, subsection (h) "Legal Proceedings."  
  CHANGES IN OUR PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES OR ADVERSE OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM EXAMINATION OF OUR INCOME TAX RETURNS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS  
  Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by changes to domestic manufacturing deduction laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof; by expiration of or lapses in tax incentives; by transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure; by tax effects of nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations thereof, including changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, and the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attribute prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), an international association comprised of 36 countries, including the United States, has made changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes, once adopted by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. Further, as a result of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates. Our failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.  
  OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS ARE ESPECIALLY SUBJECT TO THE RISKS OF EARTHQUAKES, FLOODS, AND OTHER NATURAL CATASTROPHIC EVENTS  
  Our corporate headquarters, including certain of our research and development operations are located in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California, a region known for seismic activity. Additionally, a certain number of our facilities are located near rivers that have experienced flooding in the past. Also certain of our suppliers and logistics centers are located in regions that have been or may be affected by earthquake, tsunami and flooding activity which in the past has disrupted, and in the future could disrupt, the flow of components and delivery of products. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, a hurricane, volcano, or a flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

MAN-MADE PROBLEMS SUCH AS CYBER-ATTACKS, DATA PROTECTION BREACHES, MALWARE OR TERRORISM MAY DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS, HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION, AND DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION, AND CYBER-ATTACKS OR DATA PROTECTION BREACHES ON OUR CUSTOMERS  NETWORKS, OR IN CLOUD-BASED SERVICES PROVIDED BY OR ENABLED BY US, COULD RESULT IN CLAIMS OF LIABILITY AGAINST US, DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION OR OTHERWISE HARM OUR BUSINESS 
  Despite our implementation of network security measures, the products and services we sell to customers, and our servers, data centers and the cloud-based solutions on which our data, and data of our customers, suppliers and business partners are stored, are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, malware, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering or human error. Any such event could compromise our networks or those of our customers, and the information stored on our networks or those of our customers could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, which could subject us to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and may cause damage to our reputation. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious third parties to disrupt the operations of the Internet or undermine our own security efforts may be costly to implement and meet with resistance, and may not be successful. Breaches of network security in our customers  networks, or in cloud-based services provided by or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. 
  In addition, the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause further disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries and create further uncertainties or otherwise materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Likewise, events such as loss of infrastructure and utilities services such as energy, transportation, or telecommunications could have similar negative impacts. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
  VULNERABILITIES AND CRITICAL SECURITY DEFECTS, PRIORITIZATION DECISIONS REGARDING REMEDYING VULNERABILITIES OR SECURITY DEFECTS, FAILURE OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS TO REMEDY VULNERABILITIES OR SECURITY DEFECTS, OR CUSTOMERS NOT DEPLOYING SECURITY RELEASES OR DECIDING NOT TO UPGRADE PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR SOLUTIONS COULD RESULT IN CLAIMS OF LIABILITY AGAINST US, DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION OR OTHERWISE HARM OUR BUSINESS 
  The products and services we sell to customers, and our cloud-based solutions, inevitably contain vulnerabilities or critical security defects which have not been remedied and cannot be disclosed without compromising security. We may also make prioritization decisions in determining which vulnerabilities or security defects to fix, and the timing of these fixes, which could result in an exploit which compromises security. Customers also need to test security releases before they can be deployed which can delay implementation. In addition, we rely on third-party providers of software and cloud-based service and we cannot control the rate at which they remedy vulnerabilities. Customers may also not deploy a security release, or decide not to upgrade to the latest versions of our products, services or cloud-based solutions containing the release, leaving them vulnerable. Vulnerabilities and critical security defects, prioritization errors in remedying vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remedy vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying security releases or deciding not to upgrade products, services or solutions could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. 
  IF WE DO NOT SUCCESSFULLY MANAGE OUR STRATEGIC ALLIANCES, WE MAY NOT REALIZE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS FROM SUCH ALLIANCES AND WE MAY EXPERIENCE INCREASED COMPETITION OR DELAYS IN PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT  
  We have several strategic alliances with large and complex organizations and other companies with which we work to offer complementary products and services and in the past have established a joint venture to market services associated with our Cisco Unified Computing System products. These arrangements are generally limited to specific projects, the goal of which is generally to facilitate product compatibility and adoption of industry standards. There can be no assurance we will realize the expected benefits from these strategic alliances or from the joint venture. If successful, these relationships may be mutually beneficial and result in industry growth. However, alliances carry an element of risk because, in most cases, we must compete in some business areas with a company with which we have a strategic alliance and, at the same time, cooperate with that company in other business areas. Also, if these companies fail to perform or if these relationships fail to materialize as expected, we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties. Joint ventures can be difficult to manage, given the potentially different interests of joint venture partners.  
  OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE  
  Historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts and as a result of announcements by our competitors and us. Furthermore,  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products, or significant transactions can cause changes in our stock price. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies, in particular, and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such transactions, by us or our current or potential competitors, may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future. Additionally, volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, virtually all of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price.  
  THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WILL NOT BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY OUR INCURRENCE OF DEBT  
  As of the end of fiscal 2018, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of   $25.8 billion   that mature at specific dates from calendar year 2019 through 2040. We have also established a commercial paper program under which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of   $10.0 billion  , and we had     no commercial paper notes outstanding under this program as of   July 28, 2018  .   The outstanding senior unsecured notes bear fixed-rate interest payable semiannually, except   $1.0 billion   of the notes which bears interest at a floating rate payable quarterly. The fair value of the long-term debt is subject to market interest rate volatility. The instruments governing the senior unsecured notes contain certain covenants applicable to us and our wholly-owned subsidiaries that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. In addition, we will be required to have available in the United States sufficient cash to service the interest on our debt and repay all of our notes on maturity. There can be no assurance that our incurrence of this debt or any future debt will be a better means of providing liquidity to us than would our use of our existing cash resources. Further, we cannot be assured that our maintenance of this indebtedness or incurrence of future indebtedness will not adversely affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating can negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the terms upon which we may borrow under our commercial paper program or future debt issuances. 

Item 1B. 
    Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
    Properties 

Our corporate headquarters are located at an owned site in San Jose, California, in the United States of America. The locations of our headquarters by geographic segment are as follows: 
                       Americas 
      
    EMEA 
      
    APJC 
      San Jose, California, USA 
      
    Amsterdam, Netherlands 
      
    Singapore 

In addition to our headquarters site, we own additional sites in the United States, which include facilities in the surrounding areas of San Jose, California; Research Triangle Park, North Carolina; Richardson, Texas; Lawrenceville, Georgia; and Boxborough, Massachusetts. We also own land for expansion in some of these locations. In addition, we lease office space in many U.S. locations. 
  Outside the United States our operations are conducted primarily in leased sites. Other significant sites (in addition to the two non-U.S. headquarters locations) are located in   Belgium, Canada, China, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, Mexico, Poland, and the United Kingdom  .  
  We believe that our existing facilities, including both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. For additional information regarding obligations under operating leases, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. 
    Legal Proceedings 

For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 12  Commitments and Contingencies - (h) Legal Proceedings  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

PART II 
   
                 Item 5. 
    Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
    Cisco common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CSCO. Information regarding quarterly cash dividends declared on Cisco s common stock during   fiscal 2018   and   2017   may be found in Supplementary Financial Data on page 114 of this report. There were 40,817     registered shareholders as of   August 31, 2018  . The high and low common stock sales prices per share for each period were as follows: 

(b) 
    Not applicable.   
              (c) 
    Issuer purchases of equity securities (in millions, except per-share amounts): 

On September 13, 2001, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program. On   February 14, 2018  , our Board of Directors authorized a $25 billion increase to the stock repurchase program. As of   July 28, 2018  , the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program, including the additional authorization, is approximately   $19.0 billion   with no termination date. 
  For the majority of restricted stock units granted, the number of shares issued on the date the restricted stock units vest is net of shares withheld to meet applicable tax withholding requirements. Although these withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and therefore are not included in the preceding table, they are treated as common stock repurchases in our financial statements as they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued upon vesting (see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

28 

Table of Contents  

Stock Performance Graph  
  The information contained in this Stock Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be  soliciting material  or  filed  or incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that Cisco specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
  The following graph shows a five-year comparison of the cumulative total shareholder return on Cisco common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Index, and the S P Information Technology Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in the Company s common stock and in each of the indexes (with the reinvestment of all dividends) on the date specified. Shareholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future shareholder returns. 
  Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return Among Cisco Systems, Inc., 
  the S P 500 Index, and the S P Information Technology Index 

29 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Selected Financial Data 

Five Years Ended   July 28, 2018   (in millions, except per-share amounts) 

(1)   
    In fiscal 2018, Cisco recorded a provisional tax expense of $10.4 billion related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Job Act ("the Tax Act") comprised of $8.1 billion of U.S. transition tax, $1.2 billion of foreign withholding tax, and $1.1 billion re-measurement of net deferred tax assets and liabilities (DTA). 
              (2) 
    In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, Cisco completed the sale of the SP Video CPE Business.  As a result, revenue from this portion of the Service Provider Video product category will not recur in future periods. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of   $253 million   net of certain transaction costs. The years ended   July 30, 2016   and   July 25, 2015   include SP Video CPE Business revenue of   $504 million   and   $1,846 million  , respectively.  
              (3) 
    In fiscal 2016 Cisco recognized total tax benefits of $593 million for the following: i) the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Cisco settled all outstanding items related to Cisco s federal income tax returns for fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2010, as a result of which Cisco recorded a net tax benefit of   $367 million  ; and ii) the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 reinstated the U.S. federal research and development (R D) tax credit permanently, as a result of which Cisco recognized tax benefits of   $226 million  , of which $81 million related to fiscal 2015 R D expenses. 
              (4) 
    In the second quarter of fiscal 2014, Cisco recorded a pre-tax charge of $655 million to product cost of sales, which corresponds to $526 million, net of tax, for the expected remediation cost for certain products sold in prior fiscal years containing memory components manufactured by a single supplier between 2005 and 2010. See Note 12(f) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     No other factors materially affected the comparability of the information presented above. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Item 7. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as  expects,   anticipates,   targets,   goals,   projects,   intends,   plans,   believes,   momentum,   seeks,   estimates,   continues,   endeavors,   strives,   may,  variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those under  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors,  and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 
   
  OVERVIEW 
  Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the Internet since 1984. Across networking, security, collaboration, applications and the cloud, our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business.    
   A summary of our results is as follows (in millions, except percentages and per-share amounts): 

(1)      Fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 results include an $863 million benefit and a $10.4 billion charge, respectively, related to the enactment of the Tax Act. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  In fiscal 2018, we saw broad strength across the business and delivered solid     revenue growth, margins, cash flow and returns for our shareholders.  We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our product revenue reflected growth in Infrastructure Platforms, Applications and Security, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment. We experienced some weakness in the service provider market and we expect ongoing uncertainty in that area. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term.  
  Total revenue increased by   3%   compared with   fiscal 2017  . Within total revenue, product and service revenue each increased by   3%  . Total gross margin decreased by   1.0   percentage points, driven primarily by unfavorable impacts from pricing, a $127 million legal and indemnification settlement charge, and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by productivity benefits. While productivity was positive to overall product gross margin, the benefit was lower than in the prior year as these improvements were adversely impacted by an increase in the cost of certain components which are currently constrained.  As a percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, collectively, were flat. Operating income as a percentage of revenue increased by   0.1   percentage points. Diluted earnings per share and net income each decreased by   99%   due to the $10.4 billion provisional tax expense related to the Tax Act, comprised of $8.1 billion U.S. transition tax, $1.2 billion of foreign withholding tax, and $1.1 billion of net deferred tax assets re-measurement. 
  In terms of our geographic segments, revenue from the Americas increased by   $0.7 billion  , EMEA revenue increased by   $0.4 billion  , and revenue in our APJC segment increased by   $0.2 billion  . These increases reflect broad strength across several countries within these segments. The  BRICM  countries experienced product revenue growth of 2% in the aggregate, driven by increased product revenue in the emerging countries of Brazil, Russia, India and China of 17%, 10%, 3% and 3%, respectively, partially offset by a product revenue decline of 16% in Mexico. 
  From a customer market standpoint, we experienced solid product revenue growth in the commercial market and, to a lesser extent, in the enterprise and public sector markets. Product revenue in the service provider market declined with ongoing uncertainty in that area.  
  From a product category perspective, the product revenue increase of   3%   was driven by a   2%   product revenue increase in Infrastructure Platforms and solid product revenue growth in Applications and Security of   10%   and   9%  , respectively. We saw broad strength across the portfolio, with the exception of routing related to the weakness in the service provider market.  

32 

     Table of Contents  

Fourth Quarter Snapshot 
  For the fourth quarter of   fiscal 2018  , as compared with the fourth quarter of   fiscal 2017  , total revenue increased by   6%  . Within total revenue, product revenue increased by   7%   and service revenue increased by   3%  .  With regard to our geographic segment performance, on a year-over-year basis, revenue in the Americas, EMEA and APJC increased by   5%  ,   8%   and   6%  , respectively. From a product category perspective, we experienced broad strength across the portfolio. Total gross margin decreased by   0.5   percentage points, driven by some specific transactions with service providers in our APJC segment. Our gross margin also decreased due to unfavorable pricing, product mix and higher component costs, partially offset by improved productivity benefits. As a percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses collectively decreased by   0.3   percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of revenue increased by   1.1   percentage points. Diluted earnings per share increased by   69%   and net income increased by   57%  , due in part to an $863 million tax benefit related to the Tax Act.  
  Strategy and Priorities    
  As our customers add billions of new connections to their enterprises, and as more applications move to a multi-cloud environment, we believe the network continues to be extremely critical. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments. Our vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated and intelligent platforms for our customers. Our strategic priorities include the following: accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and transforming our business model.    
  For a full discussion of our strategy and priorities, see Item 1. Business. 
  Other Key Financial Measures 
  The following is a summary of our other key financial measures for   fiscal 2018   compared with   fiscal 2017   (in millions):  

33 

Table of Contents  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
  The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. Such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies. 
  Revenue Recognition  
  Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria have been met: 
             
    Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists.   Contracts, Internet commerce agreements, and customer purchase orders are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. 
                
    Delivery has occurred.   Shipping documents and customer acceptance, when applicable, are used to verify delivery. For software, delivery is considered to have occurred upon unrestricted license access and license term commencement, when applicable. 
                
    The fee is fixed or determinable.   We assess whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. 
                
    Collectibility is reasonably assured.   We assess collectibility based primarily on the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer s payment history. 
     In instances where final acceptance of the product, system, or solution is specified by the customer, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. When a sale involves multiple deliverables, such as sales of products that include services, the multiple deliverables are evaluated to determine the unit of accounting, and the entire fee from the arrangement is allocated to each unit of accounting based on the relative selling price. Revenue is recognized when the revenue recognition criteria for each unit of accounting are met. For hosting arrangements, we recognize revenue ratably over the hosting period, while usage revenue is recognized based on utilization. Software subscription revenue is deferred and recognized ratably over the subscription term upon delivery of the first product and commencement of the term.  
  The amount of revenue recognized in a given period is affected by our judgment as to whether an arrangement includes multiple deliverables and, if so, our valuation of the units of accounting.  Our multiple element arrangements may contain only deliverables within the scope of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605,   Revenue Recognition  , deliverables within the scope of ASC 985-605,   Software-Revenue Recognition,   or a combination of both. According to the accounting guidance prescribed in ASC 605, we use vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price (VSOE) for each of those units, when available. We determine VSOE based on our normal pricing and discounting practices for the specific product or service when sold separately. In determining VSOE, we require that a substantial majority of the historical standalone transactions have the selling prices for a product or service fall within a reasonably narrow pricing range, generally evidenced by approximately 80% of such historical standalone transactions falling within plus or minus 15% of the median rates. When VSOE does not exist, we apply the selling price hierarchy to applicable multiple-deliverable arrangements. Under the selling price hierarchy, third-party evidence of selling price (TPE) will be considered if VSOE does not exist, and estimated selling price (ESP) will be used if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. Generally, we are not able to determine TPE because our go-to-market strategy differs from that of others in our markets, and the extent of our proprietary technology varies among comparable products or services from those of our peers. In determining ESP, we apply significant judgment as we weigh a variety of factors, based on the characteristics of the deliverable. We typically arrive at an ESP for a product or service that is not sold separately by considering company-specific factors such as geographies, competitive landscape, internal costs, profitability objectives, pricing practices used to establish bundled pricing, and existing portfolio pricing and discounting.  
  As our business and offerings evolve over time, our pricing practices may be required to be modified accordingly, which could result in changes in selling prices, including both VSOE and ESP, in subsequent periods. There were no material impacts during fiscal 2018 from changes in VSOE, TPE, or ESP. 
  We make sales to distributors which we refer to as two-tier sales to the end customer. Revenue from two-tier distributors is recognized based on a sell-through method using point-of-sale information provided by these distributors. Distributors participate in various cooperative marketing and other incentive programs, and we maintain estimated accruals and allowances for these programs. If actual credits received by distributors under these programs were to deviate significantly from our estimates, which are based on historical experience, our revenue could be adversely affected. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASC 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , a new accounting standard related to revenue recognition. ASC 606 will supersede nearly all U.S. GAAP on revenue recognition and eliminate industry-specific guidance. The underlying principle of the new standard is to recognize revenue when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services at an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. It also requires increased disclosures including the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows related to contracts with customers. 
  ASC 606 allows two methods of adoption: i) retrospectively to each prior period presented ( full retrospective method ), or ii) retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized in retained earnings as of the date of adoption ( modified retrospective method ). We will adopt the new standard using the modified retrospective method at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2019. 
  We do not expect that ASC 606 will have a material impact on total revenue for fiscal 2019 based on two factors: i) revenue will be accelerated consistent with the changes in timing as indicated in the table in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, largely offset by ii) the reduction of revenue from software arrangements where revenue was previously deferred in prior periods and recognized ratably over time as required under the current standard. This preliminary assessment is based on the types and number of revenue arrangements currently in place. The exact impact of ASC 606 will be dependent on facts and circumstances at adoption and could vary from quarter to quarter.  
  For the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect that the adoption of ASC 606 may increase total revenue by about 1% on a year-over-year basis.  For further discussion of ASC 606, including the estimated impacts on transition date, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  Allowances for Receivables and Sales Returns 
  The allowances for receivables were as follows (in millions, except percentages): 

(1)      Calculated as allowance for credit loss on lease receivables as a percentage of gross lease receivables and residual value before unearned income. 
  The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of the collectibility of customer accounts. We regularly review the adequacy of these allowances by considering internal factors such as historical experience, credit quality and age of the receivable balances as well as external factors such as economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay as well as historical and expected default frequency rates, which are published by major third-party credit-rating agencies and are updated on a quarterly basis. We also consider the concentration of receivables outstanding with a particular customer in assessing the adequacy of our allowances for doubtful accounts. If a major customer s creditworthiness deteriorates, if actual defaults are higher than our historical experience, or if other circumstances arise, our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to us could be overstated, and additional allowances could be required, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
  The allowance for credit loss on financing receivables is also based on the assessment of collectibility of customer accounts. We regularly review the adequacy of the credit allowances determined either on an individual or a collective basis. When evaluating the financing receivables on an individual basis, we consider historical experience, credit quality and age of receivable balances, and economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay. When evaluating financing receivables on a collective basis, we use expected default frequency rates published by a major third-party credit-rating agency as well as our own historical loss rate in the event of default, while also systematically giving effect to economic conditions, concentration of risk and correlation.  Determining expected default frequency rates and loss factors associated with internal credit risk ratings, as well as assessing factors such as economic conditions, concentration of risk, and correlation, are complex and subjective. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. Both accounts receivable and financing receivables are charged off at the point when they are considered uncollectible. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

A reserve for future sales returns is established based on historical trends in product return rates. The reserve for future sales returns as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   was   $123 million   and   $122 million  , respectively, and was recorded as a reduction of our accounts receivable and revenue. If the actual future returns were to deviate from the historical data on which the reserve had been established, our revenue could be adversely affected.  
  Inventory Valuation and Liability for Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers 
  Inventory is written down based on excess and obsolete inventories, determined primarily by future demand forecasts. Inventory write-downs are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market, based upon assumptions about future demand, and are charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of our cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. 
  We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. 
  Our provision for inventory was   $63 million  ,   $74 million  , and   $65 million   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. The provision for the liability related to purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers was   $105 million  ,   $124 million  , and   $134 million   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. If there were to be a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products, or if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements, we could be required to increase our inventory write-downs, and our liability for purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, and accordingly our profitability, could be adversely affected. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. 
  Loss Contingencies and Product Warranties 
  We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We consider the likelihood of impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted and whether new accruals are required.  
  Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
  Our products are generally covered by a warranty for periods ranging from 90 days to five years, and for some products we provide a limited lifetime warranty. We accrue for warranty costs as part of our cost of sales based on associated material costs, technical support labor costs, and associated overhead. Material cost is estimated based primarily upon historical trends in the volume of product returns within the warranty period and the cost to repair or replace the equipment. Technical support labor cost is estimated based primarily upon historical trends in the rate of customer cases and the cost to support the customer cases within the warranty period. Overhead cost is applied based on estimated time to support warranty activities. 
  If we experience an increase in warranty claims compared with our historical experience, or if the cost of servicing warranty claims is greater than expected, our profitability could be adversely affected. 
  Fair Value Measurements 
  Our fixed income and publicly traded equity securities, collectively, are reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at a fair value of   $37.6 billion   as of   July 28, 2018  , compared with   $58.8 billion   as of   July 29, 2017  . Our fixed income investment portfolio, as of   July 28, 2018  , consisted primarily of high quality investment-grade securities. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  As described more fully in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, a valuation hierarchy is based on the level of independent, objective evidence available regarding the value of the investments. It encompasses three classes of investments: Level 1 consists of securities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical securities; Level 2 consists of securities for which observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs are used, such as quoted prices for similar securities in active markets or quoted prices for identical securities in less active markets and model-derived valuations for which the variables are derived from, or corroborated by, observable market data; and Level 3 consists of securities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value. 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

Our Level 2 securities are valued using quoted market prices for similar instruments or nonbinding market prices that are corroborated by observable market data. We use inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, and other similar data, which are obtained from independent pricing vendors, quoted market prices, or other sources to determine the ultimate fair value of our assets and liabilities. We use such pricing data as the primary input, to which we have not made any material adjustments during   fiscal 2018 and 2017  , to make our assessments and determinations as to the ultimate valuation of our investment portfolio. We are ultimately responsible for the financial statements and underlying estimates. 
  The inputs and fair value are reviewed for reasonableness, may be further validated by comparison to publicly available information, and could be adjusted based on market indices or other information that management deems material to its estimate of fair value. The assessment of fair value can be difficult and subjective. However, given the relative reliability of the inputs we use to value our investment portfolio, and because substantially all of our valuation inputs are obtained using quoted market prices for similar or identical assets, we do not believe that the nature of estimates and assumptions affected by levels of subjectivity and judgment was material to the valuation of the investment portfolio as of   July 28, 2018  .    
  Other-than-Temporary Impairments  
  We recognize an impairment charge when the declines in the fair values of our fixed income or publicly traded equity securities below their cost basis are judged to be other than temporary. The ultimate value realized on these securities, to the extent unhedged, is subject to market price volatility until they are sold. 
  If the fair value of a debt security is less than its amortized cost, we assess whether the impairment is other than temporary. An impairment is considered other than temporary if (i) we have the intent to sell the security, (ii) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its entire amortized cost basis, or (iii) we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost of the security. If an impairment is considered other than temporary based on (i) or (ii) described in the prior sentence, the entire difference between the amortized cost and the fair value of the security is recognized in earnings. If an impairment is considered other than temporary based on condition (iii), the amount representing credit loss, defined as the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis of the debt security, will be recognized in earnings, and the amount relating to all other factors will be recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI). In estimating the amount and timing of cash flows expected to be collected, we consider all available information, including past events, current conditions, the remaining payment terms of the security, the financial condition of the issuer, expected defaults, and the value of underlying collateral. 
  For publicly traded equity securities, we consider various factors in determining whether we should recognize an impairment charge, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than our cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. 
  We also have investments in privately held companies, some of which are in the startup or development stages. As of   July 28, 2018  , our investments in privately held companies were   $1,096 million  , compared with   $983 million   as of   July 29, 2017  , and were included in other assets. We monitor these investments for events or circumstances indicative of potential impairment, and we make appropriate reductions in carrying values if we determine that an impairment charge is required, based primarily on the financial condition and near-term prospects of these companies. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. 
  Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Asset Impairments 
  Our methodology for allocating the purchase price relating to purchase acquisitions is determined through established valuation techniques. Goodwill represents a residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases results in measuring goodwill as an excess of the purchase consideration transferred plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquired company over the fair value of net assets acquired, including contingent consideration. We perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter and between annual tests in certain circumstances for each reporting unit. The assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the new accounting guidance for the fair value measurement of nonfinancial assets. 
  The goodwill recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   was   $31.7 billion   and   $29.8 billion  , respectively. The increase in goodwill during   fiscal 2018   was due in large part to our acquisition of BroadSoft. In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill. There was no impairment of goodwill in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  . For the annual impairment testing in   fiscal 2018  , the excess of the fair value over the carrying value for each of our reporting units was $73.0 billion for the Americas, $53.0 billion for EMEA, and $35.5 billion for APJC.  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

During the fourth quarter of   fiscal 2018  , we performed a sensitivity analysis for goodwill impairment with respect to each of our respective reporting units and determined that a hypothetical 10% decline in the fair value of each reporting unit would not result in an impairment of goodwill for any reporting unit.  
  The fair value of acquired technology and patents, as well as acquired technology under development, is determined at acquisition date primarily using the income approach, which discounts expected future cash flows to present value. The discount rates used in the present value calculations are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and then adjusted to reflect risks inherent in the development lifecycle as appropriate. We consider the pricing model for products related to these acquisitions to be standard within the high-technology communications industry, and the applicable discount rates represent the rates that market participants would use for valuation of such intangible assets.  
  We make judgments about the recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. Recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. We review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Our impairment charges related to purchased intangible assets were   $1 million  ,   $47 million  , and   $74 million   during   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. Our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in additional impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income.  
  Income Taxes 
  We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates differ from the statutory rate, primarily due to the tax impact of state taxes, foreign operations, R D tax credits, domestic manufacturing deductions, tax audit settlements, nondeductible compensation, international realignments, and transfer pricing adjustments. Our effective tax rate was   99.2%  ,   21.8%  , and   16.9%   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. 
  On December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was enacted. The Tax Act significantly revises the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering the statutory corporate income tax rate ( federal tax rate ) from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, implementing a modified territorial tax system, and imposing a mandatory one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries.  As a fiscal-year taxpayer, certain provisions of the Tax Act impact us in fiscal 2018, including the change in the federal tax rate and the one-time transition tax, while other provisions will be effective at the beginning of fiscal 2019 including the implementation of a modified territorial tax system and other changes to how foreign earnings are subject to U.S. tax, and elimination of the domestic manufacturing deduction.  
  As a result of the decrease in the federal tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, we have computed our income tax expense for the July 28, 2018 fiscal year using a blended federal tax rate of 27%.  The 21% federal tax rate will apply to our fiscal year ending July 27, 2019 and each year thereafter. We must remeasure our DTA using the federal tax rate that will apply when the related temporary differences are expected to reverse. 
  In December 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, which addresses how a company recognizes provisional estimates when it does not have the necessary information available, prepared or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for the effect of the changes in the Tax Act. The measurement period ends when a company has obtained, prepared, and analyzed the information necessary to finalize its accounting, but cannot extend beyond one year. The final impact of the Tax Act may differ from the provisional estimates due to changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative action to address questions that arise because of the Tax Act, by changes in accounting standard for income taxes and related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, and any updates or changes to estimates used in the provisional amounts. We have determined that the   $8.1 billion   of tax expense for the U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, the   $1.2 billion   of foreign withholding tax, and the   $1.1 billion   of tax expense for DTA re-measurement were each provisional amounts and reasonable estimates for   fiscal 2018  . Estimates used in the provisional amounts include: the anticipated reversal pattern of the gross DTAs; and earnings, cash positions, foreign taxes and withholding taxes attributable to foreign subsidiaries. 
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. 
  Significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. In the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 
  Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by changes to domestic manufacturing deduction laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof; by expiration of or lapses in tax incentives; by transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure; by tax effects of nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations thereof, including changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, and the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), an international association comprised of 36 countries, including the United States, has made changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes, once adopted by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. As a result of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates. Our failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.  

39 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Revenue 
  The following table presents the breakdown of revenue between product and service (in millions, except percentages): 

We manage our business primarily on a geographic basis, organized into three geographic segments. Our revenue, which includes product and service for each segment, is summarized in the following table (in millions, except percentages): 

Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.  
  During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we completed the sale of the Customer Premises Equipment portion of our Service Provider Video Connected Devices business ( SP Video CPE Business ). SP Video CPE Business revenue was   $504 million   for fiscal 2016.  
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017    
  Total revenue increased by   3%  . Product and service revenue each increased by   3%  . Our total revenue reflected growth across each of our geographic segments. Product revenue for the emerging countries of BRICM, in the aggregate, experienced 2% product revenue growth, with increases in Brazil, Russia, India and China partially offset by a decrease in Mexico. 
  In addition to the impact of macroeconomic factors, including a reduced IT spending environment and reductions in spending by government entities, revenue by segment in a particular period may be significantly impacted by several factors related to revenue recognition, including the complexity of transactions such as multiple-element arrangements; the mix of financing arrangements provided to channel partners and customers; and final acceptance of the product, system, or solution, among other factors. In addition, certain customers tend to make large and sporadic purchases, and the revenue related to these transactions may also be affected by the timing of revenue recognition, which in turn would impact the revenue of the relevant segment. As has been the case in certain emerging countries from time to time, customers require greater levels of financing arrangements, service, and support, and these activities may occur in future periods, which may also impact the timing of the recognition of revenue. 
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016    
  Total revenue decreased by 3%. Total company revenue not including SP Video CPE products decreased 2%. Product revenue decreased by 4% while service revenue increased by 3%. Fiscal 2017 had 52 weeks, compared with 53 weeks in fiscal 2016, thus our results for fiscal 2017 reflect one less extra week. We estimate that the additional revenue associated with the extra week was approximately $265 million, $200 million of which was from our services subscriptions, and $65 million from our SaaS offerings such as WebEx, and a small amount from product distribution. Our total revenue declined in the Americas and EMEA geographic segments, while revenue grew in our APJC geographic segment. The emerging countries of BRICM, in the aggregate, experienced a 7% product revenue decline, with revenue declines in Mexico, China, and Brazil partially offset by increases in the other two BRICM countries.  
   
  Product Revenue by Segment 
  The following table presents the breakdown of product revenue by segment (in millions, except percentages): 

Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.  
  Americas 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Product revenue in the Americas segment increased by   3%  , driven by solid growth in the commercial and enterprise markets and, to a lesser extent, growth in the public sector market. Product revenue in the service provider market was flat. From a country perspective, product revenue increased by 3% in the United States, 9% in Canada and 17% in Brazil, partially offset by a decrease of 16% in Mexico.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The   5%   decrease in product revenue in the Americas segment was driven by declines in the service provider, public sector and commercial markets. Product revenue in the enterprise market was flat.  The product revenue decrease in the service provider market was driven in large part by the absence of product sales related to our SP Video CPE Business in fiscal 2017. We had $378 million in product sales related to our SP Video CPE Business in fiscal 2016 in this segment. The product revenue decline in the public sector market was due primarily to lower sales to state and local governments and to the U.S. federal government. From a country perspective, product revenue decreased by 5% in the United States, 28% in Mexico and 7% in Brazil, partially offset by an increase of 2% in Canada. 
  EMEA 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The increase in product revenue in the EMEA segment of   3%   was driven by solid growth in the commercial and public sector markets and, to a lesser extent, growth in the enterprise market. These increases were partially offset by a product revenue decline in the service provider market. Product revenue from emerging countries within EMEA and the remainder of the EMEA segment, which primarily consists of countries in Western Europe, each increased by 3%. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Product revenue in the EMEA segment decreased by 3%, driven by a decline in the service provider market and, to a lesser extent, declines in the public sector and enterprise markets. Product revenue in the commercial market was flat. The product revenue decrease in the service provider market was driven in part by the absence of product sales related to our SP Video CPE Business in fiscal 2017. We had $108 million in product sales related to our SP Video CPE Business in fiscal 2016 in this segment. Product revenue from emerging countries within EMEA and product revenue for the remainder of the EMEA segment each decreased by 3%. 
  APJC 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Product revenue in the APJC segment increased by   2%  . The product revenue increase was led by solid growth in the commercial and enterprise markets. These increases were partially offset by product revenue declines in the service provider and public sector markets. From a country perspective, product revenue increased by 3% in China and 3% in India, partially offset by a decrease of 3% in Japan.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Product revenue in the APJC segment decreased by   1%  . The product revenue decrease was led by declines in the service provider and public sector markets, partially offset by product revenue growth in the commercial market. Product revenue in the enterprise market was flat. From a country perspective, product revenue decreased by 12% in China, driven by a decrease in sales of Service Provider Video Software and Solutions products, while product revenue increased by 11% in India, 9% in Australia and 2% in Japan. Product sales for this geographic segment were adversely impacted by an $18 million decrease in product sales related to the absence of our SP Video CPE Business. 

Product Revenue by Groups of Similar Products 
  In addition to the primary view on a geographic basis, we also prepare financial information related to groups of similar products and customer markets for various purposes. Effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we began reporting our product revenue in the following categories: Infrastructure Platforms, Applications, Security, and Other Products. This change better aligns our product categories with our evolving business model. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period s presentation. 
  The following table presents revenue for groups of similar products (in millions, except percentages): 

Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.  
  Infrastructure Platforms 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The Infrastructure Platforms product category represents our core networking offerings related to switching, routing, wireless, and the data center. Infrastructure Platforms revenue increased by   2%  , or   $491 million  , with strength across the portfolio with the exception of routing. Switching experienced growth, with solid revenue growth in data center switching driven by an increase in sales of Cisco Nexus 9000 Series products, and with revenue growth in campus switching driven by our intent-based networking Cisco Catalyst 9000 Series. Data center had strong double digit growth driven by higher sales of server products and our hyperconverged data center offering, HyperFlex. We also experienced solid revenue growth from wireless products driven by Meraki as well as our Wave 2 offerings. We had a decrease in sales of routing products, driven by continued weakness in the service provider market.  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Revenue from the Infrastructure Platforms product category decreased by   4%   or   $1,072 million  , driven primarily by lower revenue from switching products. Within switching, we experienced a decrease in sales of  switching products used in campus environments, which we believe was driven both by the uncertainty in the macro environment which led to a slowdown in customer spending, as well as by a highly competitive landscape. These impacts were partially offset by an increase in sales of our ACI portfolio which is included in our data center switching portfolio. We also experienced a decrease in revenue from routing products driven by weakness in enterprise access and a decrease in revenue from data center due to lower sales of server products. We had revenue growth from wireless products driven by Meraki.  
  Applications 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The Applications product category includes our collaboration offerings (unified communications, Cisco TelePresence and conferencing) as well as the Internet of Things (IoT) and analytics software offerings from Jasper and AppDynamics, respectively.  Revenue in our Applications product category increased by   10%  , or   $467 million  , with growth across all of the businesses. We experienced solid growth in the Telepresence, unified communications, conferencing and analytics from our fiscal 2017 acquisition of AppDynamics.  We continued to increase the amount of deferred revenue and the proportion of recurring revenue related to our Applications product category.  
    
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The increase in revenue in our Applications product category by   3%  , or   $130 million  , was in large part due to increased revenue from our IoT software offerings, driven by our fiscal 2016 Jasper acquisition. The growth in Conferencing revenue and the acquisition of AppDynamics in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 also contributed to the revenue increase in this product category. These increases in revenue were partially offset by decreased revenue from unified communications and Telepresence.  
  Security 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Revenue in our Security product category increased   9%  , or   $200 million  , driven by higher sales of unified threat management, web security, policy and access and advanced threat products. We continued to increase the amount of deferred revenue and the proportion of recurring revenue related to our Security product category. 
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Revenue in our Security product category increased   9%  , or   $184 million  , driven by higher sales of unified threat management, advanced threat security, and web security products.  
  Other Products 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The decrease in revenue from our Other Products category was primarily driven by a decrease in revenue from Service Provider Video Software and Solutions ( SPVSS ).  
  On May 1, 2018, we announced a definitive agreement to sell the SPVSS business.  We expect this transaction to close in the first half of fiscal 2019 subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The decrease in revenue in our Other Products category was in large part due to a decrease in product sales of $504 million related to our SP Video CPE Business and a decrease in revenue from SPVSS products. 

43 

Table of Contents  

Service Revenue by Segment 
  The following table presents the breakdown of service revenue by segment (in millions, except percentages): 

Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.  
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Service revenue increased across all geographic segments. Technical support services revenue increased by 2% and advanced services revenue increased by 4%. Technical support services revenue increased across all geographic segments. The increase in technical support services revenue was driven by an increase in software and solution support offerings. Advanced services revenue, which relates to professional services for specific customer network needs, had solid growth in the EMEA segment and, to a lesser extent, increased in our Americas and APJC segments.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Service revenue grew 3%. Excluding the $200 million of additional revenue as a result of the extra week in fiscal 2016, service revenue grew 4%. Service revenue grew across all of our geographic segments. Technical support services revenue increased by 3% and advanced services revenue increased by 1%. Technical support services revenue increased across all geographic segments. The increase in technical support services revenue was driven by contract initiations and renewals associated with product sales and an increase in software support offerings. Advanced services revenue had solid revenue growth in our APJC segment, declined slightly in our EMEA segment and was flat in our Americas segment. 

Gross Margin 
  The following table presents the gross margin for products and services (in millions, except percentages): 

44 

     Table of Contents  

Product Gross Margin 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The following table summarizes the key factors that contributed to the change in product gross margin percentage from   fiscal 2017   to   fiscal 2018  : 

(1)        Productivity includes overall manufacturing-related costs, such as component costs, warranty expense, provision for inventory, freight, logistics, shipment volume, and other items not categorized elsewhere. 
  Product gross margin decreased by   0.9   percentage points due largely to unfavorable impacts from product pricing, a charge of $127 million to product cost of sales recorded in fiscal 2018 related to legal and indemnification settlements, and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by productivity benefits.  
  The negative pricing impact, which was lower than the year-over-year impact we experienced in fiscal 2017, was driven by typical market factors and impacted each of our geographic segments and customer markets. While productivity was positive to overall product gross margin, the benefit was lower than the prior year as these improvements were adversely impacted by an increase in the costs of certain components which are currently constrained. We expect the higher component costs to continue to impact productivity in the near term. Productivity improvements were driven by cost reductions including value engineering efforts (e.g. component redesign, board configuration, test processes, and transformation processes), lower warranty expenses and continued operational efficiency in manufacturing operations. The decrease in product gross margin was also due to an unfavorable mix of products sold driven by negative mix impacts from our Infrastructure Platforms products, partially offset by favorability from Security, Applications and Other Products. Our product gross margin in fiscal 2018 was also negatively impacted by higher amortization expense from purchased intangible assets.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The following table summarizes the key factors that contributed to the change in product gross margin percentage from   fiscal 2016   to   fiscal 2017  : 

Product gross margin decreased by 0.4 percentage points as compared with fiscal 2016. The decrease in product gross margin was largely due to unfavorable impacts from product pricing, lower productivity benefits, and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by a benefit from the divestiture of the lower margin SP Video CPE business in fiscal 2016.  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

The negative pricing impact was driven by typical market factors and impacted each of our geographic segments and customer markets. While productivity was positive to overall product gross margin, the benefit was lower than the prior year as these improvements were adversely impacted by an increase in the cost of certain memory components.   In addition, productivity was negatively impacted by decreases in core routing and switching revenue which limited our ability to generate cost savings. Productivity improvements were driven by value engineering efforts (e.g. component redesign, board configuration, test processes, and transformation processes), lower warranty expenses and continued operational efficiency in manufacturing operations. The decrease in product gross margin was also due to an unfavorable mix of products sold driven by negative mix impacts from our Infrastructure platform products. 
  Service Gross Margin 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Our service gross margin percentage decreased by   0.8   percentage points due to increased headcount-related costs and, to a lesser extent, unfavorable mix and increased delivery costs. These cost impacts were partially offset by the resulting benefit to gross margin of higher sales volume in both advanced services and technical support services. 
  Our service gross margin normally experiences some fluctuations due to various factors such as the timing of contract initiations in our renewals, our strategic investments in headcount, and the resources we deploy to support the overall service business. Other factors include the mix of service offerings, as the gross margin from our advanced services is typically lower than the gross margin from technical support services. 
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Our service gross margin percentage increased by 1.2 percentage points due to higher sales volume, decreased delivery costs, favorable mix and, to a lesser extent, lower share-based compensation expense. These benefits to service gross margin were partially offset by increased headcount-related costs. 
  Gross Margin by Segment 
  The following table presents the total gross margin for each segment (in millions, except percentages): 

Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.  
    (1)      The unallocated corporate items     include the effects of amortization and impairments of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges. We do not allocate these items to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include such information in measuring the performance of the operating segments.  
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  We experienced a slight gross margin percentage increase in our Americas segment due to productivity improvements, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from pricing and product mix. The unfavorable mix of products sold in this segment was driven by negative mix impacts from our Infrastructure Platforms products, partially offset by favorability from Security, Applications and Other products.  
  The gross margin percentage decrease in our EMEA segment was due primarily to negative impacts from pricing and, to a lesser extent, an unfavorable product mix, partially offset by productivity improvements. Lower service gross margin also contributed to the decrease in the gross margin in this geographic segment. 
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

The APJC segment gross margin percentage decreased due primarily to the negative impacts from pricing and an unfavorable product mix, partially offset by productivity improvements. Lower service gross margin also contributed to the decrease in the gross margin in this geographic segment.  Our gross margin in this segment was also negatively impacted by specific transactions with service providers. 
  The gross margin percentage for a particular segment may fluctuate, and period-to-period changes in such percentages may or may not be indicative of a trend for that segment.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The Americas segment experienced a slight gross margin percentage decrease due to negative impacts from pricing and product mix, partially offset by productivity improvements and the sale of the lower margin SP Video CPE Business. The unfavorable mix impact was driven by Infrastructure Platforms products.  
  The gross margin percentage increase in our EMEA segment was due primarily to higher service gross margin. Product gross margin in this segment also increased slightly due to the impact of productivity improvements, the sale of the lower margin SP Video CPE Business and a favorable product mix, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from pricing. 
  The APJC segment gross margin percentage increased due primarily to higher service gross margin. Product gross margin in this segment decreased due to negative impacts from pricing and product mix, partially offset by productivity improvements. The unfavorable mix impact was driven by Infrastructure Platforms products.  

Research and Development ( R D ), Sales and Marketing, and General and Administrative ( G A ) Expenses 
  R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses are summarized in the following table (in millions, except percentages): 

Our fiscal 2016 had an extra week compared with fiscal 2017. We estimate that the extra week in fiscal 2016 contributed approximately $116 million of the year-over-year decrease in total operating expenses (not including share-based compensation expense). 
  R D Expenses 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  R D expenses increased primarily due to higher headcount-related expenses, higher discretionary spending and, to a lesser extent, higher acquisition-related costs and higher share-based compensation expense, partially offset by lower contracted services. 
  We continue to invest in R D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R D.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  R D expenses decreased primarily due to lower contracted services, lower headcount-related expenses, lower discretionary spending and lower acquisition-related costs, partially offset by higher share-based compensation expense. Lower headcount- related expenses were due to efficiencies related to our restructuring actions and the extra week in fiscal 2016. 
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

Sales and Marketing Expenses 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Sales and marketing expenses increased due to increases in headcount-related expenses, discretionary spending, share-based compensation expense and acquisition-related costs, partially offset by a decrease in contracted services. 
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Sales and marketing expenses decreased due to lower headcount-related expenses, lower contracted services, lower discretionary spending, lower acquisition-related costs and, to a lesser extent, lower share-based compensation expense. Lower headcount-related expenses were due to efficiencies related to our restructuring actions. The extra week in fiscal 2016 also contributed to the decrease in headcount-related expenses. 
  G A Expenses 
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  G A expenses increased due to increases in contracted services, headcount-related expenses, discretionary spending, acquisition-related/divestiture costs and share-based compensation expense, partially offset by gains on divestitures.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  G A expenses increased primarily due to the $253 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our SP Video CPE Business recorded during fiscal 2016 and, to a lesser extent, higher share-based compensation expense. These increases were partially offset by lower headcount-related expenses and lower contracted services. The extra week in fiscal 2016 contributed to the decreased headcount-related expense. 
    
  Effect of Foreign Currency 
  In   fiscal 2018  , foreign currency fluctuations, net of hedging, increased the combined R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses by approximately   $93 million  , or   0.5%  , compared with   fiscal 2017  . In   fiscal 2017  , foreign currency fluctuations, net of hedging, decreased the combined R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses by approximately   $77 million  , or   0.4%  , compared with   fiscal 2016  .   
  Share-Based Compensation Expense 
  The following table presents share-based compensation expense (in millions): 

Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The increase in share-based compensation expense was due primarily to higher expense related to equity awards assumed with respect to our recent acquisitions.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The increase in share-based compensation expense was due primarily to higher expense related to equity awards assumed with respect to our recent acquisitions.  
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization of Purchased Intangible Assets 
  The following table presents the amortization of purchased intangible assets (in millions):   

  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Amortization of purchased intangible assets increased slightly as amortization from our recent acquisitions was partially offset by decreases related to SPVSS purchased intangibles which were held for sale and lower impairment charges in fiscal 2018. 
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Amortization of purchased intangible assets decreased due to certain purchased intangible assets having become fully amortized and lower impairment charges in fiscal 2017, partially offset by amortization of purchased intangible assets from our recent acquisitions. 
  Restructuring and Other Charges 
  The following table presents the restructuring and other charges (in millions):   

  We initiated a restructuring plan during fiscal 2018 in order to realign our organization and enable further investment in key priority areas, with estimated pretax charges of approximately   $300 million  . We expect this restructuring plan to be substantially completed in fiscal 2019. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  We incurred restructuring and other charges of   $358 million   during fiscal 2018,   $108 million   of which was related to the restructuring plan initiated during fiscal 2018 and the remainder of which was related to the restructuring plan announced in August 2016.  
  We incurred restructuring and other charges of   $756 million   and   $266 million   during fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively, in connection with the restructuring plans announced in August 2016 and August 2014.  
  These charges were primarily cash-based and consisted of employee severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other associated costs. We expect to reinvest substantially all of the cost savings from these restructuring actions in our key priority areas.  As a result, the overall cost savings from these restructuring actions are not expected to be material for future periods. 
  Operating Income 
  The following table presents our operating income and our operating income as a percentage of revenue (in millions, except percentages):   

  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Operating income increased by   3%  , and as a percentage of revenue operating income increased by   0.1   percentage points. These increases resulted primarily from an increase in revenue and a decrease in restructuring and other charges. 
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Operating income decreased by 5%, and as a percentage of revenue operating income decreased by 0.8 percentage points. These decreases resulted primarily from an increase in restructuring and other charges related to the restructuring action announced in August 2016 and the $253 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our SP Video CPE Business recorded in fiscal 2016. 

Interest and Other Income (Loss), Net 
  Interest Income (Expense), Net     The following table summarizes interest income and interest expense (in millions): 

Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  Interest income increased driven by higher yields on our portfolio. The increase in interest expense was driven by the impact of higher effective interest rates.  
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  Interest income increased driven by an increase in our portfolio of cash, cash equivalents, and fixed income investments as well as higher yields on our portfolio. The increase in interest expense was driven by higher average debt balances, which includes commercial paper notes, and the impact of higher effective interest rates on floating-rate senior notes and interest rate swaps associated with fixed-rate senior notes.   
    
  Other Income (Loss), Net       The components of other income (loss), net, are summarized as follows (in millions):   

  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The change in total net gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments was primarily attributable to higher realized gains on publicly traded equity securities and lower impairment charges on publicly traded equity securities, partially offset by higher realized losses on fixed income securities as a result of market conditions and the timing of sales of these securities.   
  The change in net gains (losses) on investments in privately held companies was primarily due to lower impairment charges partially offset by lower realized gains on investments in privately held companies.  
  The change in other gains (losses), net was primarily driven by higher donation expense, net unfavorable foreign exchange impacts and impacts from equity derivatives. 
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The change in total net gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments was driven by $74 million of impairment charges on publicly traded equity securities.   
  The change in net gains (losses) on investments in privately held companies was primarily due to higher impairment charges on investments in privately held companies, partially offset by higher realized gains on investments in privately held companies. 
  The change in other gains (losses), net was driven by lower donation expense partially offset by impacts from customer lease terminations, foreign exchange and equity derivatives. 
  Provision for Income Taxes  
  Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017 
  The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of   99.2%   for   fiscal 2018  , compared with   21.8%   for   fiscal 2017  . The net   77.4   percentage point increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the mandatory one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, foreign withholding tax, and DTA re-measurement during   fiscal 2018  . 
  During fiscal 2018, we recorded a provisional tax expense of $10.4 billion related to the Tax Act, comprised of $8.1 billion of U.S. transition tax, $1.2 billion of foreign withholding tax, and $1.1 billion re-measurement of net DTA. We plan to pay the transition tax in installments over eight years in accordance with the Tax Act. The Tax Act is discussed more fully in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  As a result of the adoption of the new accounting standard on share-based compensation in fiscal 2018, our effective tax rate will increase or decrease based upon the tax effect of the difference between the share-based compensation expenses and the benefits taken on the company's tax returns. We recognize excess tax benefits on a discrete basis and therefore anticipate the effective tax rate to vary from quarter to quarter depending on our share price in each period. 
  For a full reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 27% and for further explanation of our provision for income taxes, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Fiscal 2017 Compared with Fiscal 2016 
  The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of   21.8%   for   fiscal 2017  , compared with   16.9%   for   fiscal 2016  . The net   4.9   percentage point increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the recognition of a net benefit to the provision for income taxes in fiscal 2016 related to our settlement with the IRS of all outstanding items covering fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2010 and reinstatement of the U.S. federal R D tax credit on December 18, 2015. 

51 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  The following sections discuss the effects of changes in our balance sheet, our capital allocation strategy including stock repurchase program and dividends, our contractual obligations, and certain other commitments and activities on our liquidity and capital resources. 
  Balance Sheet and Cash Flows 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents and Investments    The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents and investments (in millions): 

The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and investments from   fiscal 2017   to   fiscal 2018   was primarily driven by cash returned to shareholders in the form of repurchases of common stock of   $17.5 billion   under the stock repurchase program and cash dividends of   $6.0 billion  , net decrease in debt of   $8.0 billion  , net cash paid for acquisitions of   $3.0 billion  , the timing of settlements of investments and other of $2.0 billion, and capital expenditures of   $0.8 billion  .  These uses of cash were partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of   $13.7 billion  . 
  In fiscal 2018, we repatriated $70 billion of foreign subsidiary earnings to the U.S. (in the form of cash, cash equivalents, or investments), and paid foreign withholding tax of $1.2 billion. We also paid approximately $125 million of other one-time foreign taxes as a result of the Tax Act. Future repatriation of cash and other property held by our foreign subsidiaries will generally not be subject to U.S. federal tax. As we evaluate the impact of the Tax Act and the future cash needs of our global operations, we may revise the amount of foreign earnings considered to be permanently reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries.   
  In addition to cash requirements in the normal course of business, on August 2, 2018 we announced our intent to acquire Duo Security, Inc. for a purchase consideration of approximately   $2.35 billion   in cash and assumed equity awards. See further discussion of liquidity and future payments under  Contractual Obligations  and  Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements  below. 
  We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. We classify our investments as short-term investments based on their nature and their availability for use in current operations. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong, with our cash equivalents and our fixed income investment portfolio consisting primarily of high quality investment-grade securities. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends as discussed below. 
  Free Cash Flow and Capital Allocation    As part of our capital allocation strategy, we intend to return a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow annually to our shareholders through cash dividends and repurchases of common stock. 
  We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less cash used to acquire property and equipment. The following table reconciles our net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow (in millions): 

We expect that cash provided by operating activities may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, the rate at which products are shipped during the quarter (which we refer to as shipment linearity), the timing and collection of accounts receivable and financing receivables, inventory and supply chain management, deferred revenue and the timing and amount of tax and other payments. For additional discussion, see  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  in this report. 
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors because of our intent to return a stated percentage of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and stock repurchases. We further regard free cash flow as a useful measure because it reflects cash that can be used to, among other things, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, repurchase common stock, and pay dividends on our common stock, after deducting capital investments. A limitation of the utility of free cash flow as a measure of financial performance and liquidity is that the free cash flow does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for the period.  In addition, we have other required uses of cash, including repaying the principal of our outstanding indebtedness. Free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and should not be regarded in isolation or as an alternative for net income provided by operating activities or any other measure calculated in accordance with such principles, and other companies may calculate free cash flow in a different manner than we do.  
  The following table summarizes the dividends paid and stock repurchases (in millions, except per-share amounts): 

Any future dividends are subject to the approval of our Board of Directors.  
  On   February 14, 2018  , our Board of Directors authorized a $25 billion increase to the stock repurchase program. The remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program, including the additional authorization, is approximately   $19.0 billion  , with no termination date.  We expect to utilize this remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases over the next 12 to 18 months.  
  The purchase price for the shares of our stock repurchased is reflected as a reduction to shareholders  equity. We are required to allocate the purchase price of the repurchased shares as (i) a reduction to retained earnings and (ii) a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital. As a result of future stock repurchases, we may report an accumulated deficit in future periods in shareholders  equity. 
  Accounts Receivable, Net    The following table summarizes our accounts receivable, net (in millions): 

Our accounts receivable net, as of   July 28, 2018   increased by approximately   8%   compared with the end of   fiscal 2017  , primarily due to higher product billings in the fourth quarter of   fiscal 2018   compared with the fourth quarter of   fiscal 2017  . 
  Inventory Supply Chain    The following table summarizes our inventories and purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers (in millions): 

Inventory as of   July 28, 2018   increased by   14%   from our inventory balance at the end of   fiscal 2017  . The increase in inventory was due to an increase in raw materials due to securing memory supply which is currently constrained and also higher levels of manufactured finished goods in support of current order activity.  
  Our finished goods consist of distributor inventory and deferred cost of sales and manufactured finished goods. Distributor inventory and deferred cost of sales are related to unrecognized revenue on shipments to distributors and retail partners as well as shipments to customers. Manufactured finished goods consist primarily of build-to-order and build-to-stock products. 
  We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements and our commitment to securing manufacturing capacity.  
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

Our purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. Certain of our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers relate to arrangements to secure long-term pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. We believe our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts.  The following table summarizes our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers as of the respective period ends (in millions): 

Purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers increased by approximately   40%   compared to the end of   fiscal 2017  .  On a combined basis, inventories and purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers increased by   33%   compared with the end of   fiscal 2017  .  
  Inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We believe the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. 
  Financing Receivables and Guarantees    The following table summarizes our financing receivables (in millions): 

Financing Receivables      Our financing arrangements include leases, loans, and financed service contracts. Lease receivables include sales-type and direct-financing leases. Arrangements related to leases are generally collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Our loan receivables include customer financing for purchases of our hardware, software and services and also may include additional funds for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. We also provide financing to certain qualified customers for long-term service contracts, which primarily relate to technical support services.  The majority of the revenue from these financed service contracts is deferred and is recognized ratably over the period during which the services are performed.  Financing receivables increased by   2%  .     We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. 
  Financing Guarantees      In the normal course of business, third parties may provide financing arrangements to our customers and channel partners under financing programs. The financing arrangements to customers provided by third parties are related to leases and loans and typically have terms of up to three years. In some cases, we provide guarantees to third parties for these lease and loan arrangements. The financing arrangements to channel partners consist of revolving short-term financing provided by third parties, generally with payment terms ranging from 60 to 90 days. In certain instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our receivables to the third party. The receivables are derecognized upon transfer, as these transfers qualify as true sales, and we receive payments for the receivables from the third party based on our standard payment terms.  
  
   54 

     Table of Contents  

The volume of channel partner financing was   $28.2 billion  ,   $27.0 billion  , and   $26.9 billion   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. These financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and in some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. The balance of the channel partner financing subject to guarantees was   $953 million   and   $1.0 billion   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. Historically, our payments under these arrangements have been immaterial. Where we provide a guarantee, we defer the revenue associated with the channel partner and end-user financing arrangement in accordance with revenue recognition policies, or we record a liability for the fair value of the guarantees. In either case, the deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when the guarantee is removed. As of   July 28, 2018  , the total maximum potential future payments related to these guarantees was approximately   $308 million  , of which approximately   $122 million   was recorded as deferred revenue. 
  Borrowings 
  Senior Notes      The following table summarizes the principal amount of our senior notes (in millions): 

Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes, each of which is redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. Interest is payable quarterly on the floating-rate notes. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of   July 28, 2018  . 
  Commercial Paper    We have a short-term debt financing program in which up to $10.0 billion is available through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper notes and   $3.2 billion   in commercial paper notes outstanding as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively. 
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Facility    On May 15, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that is scheduled to expire on May 15, 2020. Any advances under the credit agreement will accrue interest at rates that are equal to, based on certain conditions, either (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) Bank of America s  prime rate  as announced from time to time, or (c) LIBOR, or a comparable or successor rate that is approved by the Administrative Agent ( Eurocurrency Rate ), for an interest period of one month plus 1.00%, or (ii) the Eurocurrency Rate, plus a margin that is based on our senior debt credit ratings as published by Standard   Poor s Financial Services, LLC and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., provided that in no event will the Eurocurrency Rate be less than zero. We may also, upon the agreement of either the then-existing lenders or additional lenders not currently parties to the agreement, increase the commitments under the credit facility by up to an additional $2.0 billion and/or extend the expiration date of the credit facility up to May 15, 2022. This credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we maintain an interest coverage ratio as defined in the agreement. As of   July 28, 2018  , we were in compliance with the required interest coverage ratio and the other covenants, and we had not borrowed any funds under the credit facility.  
  Deferred Revenue     The following table presents the breakdown of deferred revenue (in millions): 

Total deferred revenue increased   6%   in   fiscal 2018  . Deferred product revenue increased   15%   primarily due to product deferred revenue related to recurring software and subscription offers, which grew 23% on a year-over-year basis to   $6.1 billion  . Deferred service revenue increased   1%  , driven by the impact of contract renewals, partially offset by amortization of deferred service revenue.  
  Contractual Obligations    
  The impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations discussed previously. In addition, we plan for and measure our liquidity and capital resources through an annual budgeting process. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at   July 28, 2018   (in millions):  

Operating Leases    For more information on our operating leases, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   56 

     Table of Contents  

Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers    We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. Our purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. Certain of our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers relate to arrangements to secure long-term pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant portion of our reported estimated purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. See further discussion in  Inventory Supply Chain.  As of   July 28, 2018  , the liability for these purchase commitments was   $159 million   and is recorded in other current liabilities and is not included in the preceding table. 
  Other Purchase Obligations    Other purchase obligations represent an estimate of all contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, other than operating leases and commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services. Purchase orders are not included in the preceding table as they typically represent our authorization to purchase rather than binding contractual purchase obligations.  
  Long-Term Debt    The amount of long-term debt in the preceding table represents the principal amount of the respective debt instruments. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Transition Tax Payable    In connection with the Tax Act, we recorded an income tax payable of $8.1 billion for the U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Amounts associated with the Tax Act are considered provisional and may be subject to further adjustment during the measurement period. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Other Long-Term Liabilities    Other long-term liabilities primarily include noncurrent income taxes payable, accrued liabilities for deferred compensation, deferred tax liabilities, and certain other long-term liabilities. Due to the uncertainty in the timing of future payments, our noncurrent income taxes payable of approximately $1,278 million and deferred tax liabilities of   $141 million   were presented as one aggregated amount in the total column on a separate line in the preceding table. Noncurrent income taxes payable include uncertain tax positions. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Other Commitments 
  In connection with our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the achievement of certain agreed-upon technology, development, product, or other milestones or the continued employment with us of certain employees of the acquired entities. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  We also have certain funding commitments primarily related to our investments in privately held companies and venture funds, some of which are based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones, and some of which are required to be funded on demand. The funding commitments were   $223 million   as of   July 28, 2018  , compared with   $216 million   as of   July 29, 2017  . 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We consider our investments in unconsolidated variable interest entities to be off-balance sheet arrangements. In the ordinary course of business, we have investments in privately held companies including venture funds and provide financing to certain customers. Certain of these investments are considered to be variable interest entities. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our investments in these privately held companies and customer financings, and we have determined that as of   July 28, 2018   there were no material unconsolidated variable interest entities. 
  On an ongoing basis, we reassess our investments in privately held companies and customer financings to determine if they are variable interest entities and if we would be regarded as the primary beneficiary pursuant to the applicable accounting guidance. As a result of this ongoing assessment, we may be required to make additional disclosures or consolidate these entities. Because we may not control these entities, we may not have the ability to influence these events. 
  We provide financing guarantees, which are generally for various third-party financing arrangements extended to our channel partners and end-user customers. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. See the previous discussion of these financing guarantees under  Financing Receivables and Guarantees.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements 
  Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, pending acquisitions, future customer financings, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. There are no other transactions, arrangements, or relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect the liquidity and the availability of, as well as our requirements for, capital resources.   
  
   57 

Table of Contents  

Item 7A. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Our financial position is exposed to a variety of risks, including interest rate risk, equity price risk, and foreign currency exchange risk. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  Fixed Income Securities    We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. Our primary objective for holding fixed income securities is to achieve an appropriate investment return consistent with preserving principal and managing risk. At any time, a sharp rise in market interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our fixed income investment portfolio. Conversely, declines in interest rates, including the impact from lower credit spreads, could have a material adverse impact on interest income for our investment portfolio. We may utilize derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments to achieve our investment objectives. We had no outstanding hedging instruments for our fixed income securities as of   July 28, 2018  . Our fixed income investments are held for purposes other than trading. Our fixed income investments are not leveraged as of   July 28, 2018  . We monitor our interest rate and credit risks, including our credit exposures to specific rating categories and to individual issuers. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong.  
  The following tables present the hypothetical fair values of our fixed income securities, including the hedging effects when applicable, as a result of selected potential market decreases and increases in interest rates. The market changes reflect immediate hypothetical parallel shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 50 basis points ( BPS ), plus 100 BPS, and plus 150 BPS.     The hypothetical fair values as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   are as follows (in millions): 

Financing Receivables    As of   July 28, 2018  , our financing receivables had a carrying value of   $9.8 billion  , compared with   $9.6 billion   as of   July 29, 2017  . As of   July 28, 2018  , a hypothetical 50 BPS increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of our financing receivables by a decrease or increase of approximately $0.1 billion, respectively.  
  Debt       As of   July 28, 2018  , we had   $25.8 billion   in principal amount of senior notes outstanding, which consisted of   $1.0 billion   in floating-rate notes and   $24.8 billion   in fixed-rate notes. The carrying amount of the senior notes was   $25.6 billion  , and the related fair value based on market prices was   $26.4 billion  . As of   July 28, 2018  , a hypothetical 50 BPS increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of the fixed-rate debt, excluding the   $6.8 billion   of hedged debt, by a decrease or increase of approximately $0.5 billion, respectively. However, this hypothetical change in interest rates would not impact the interest expense on the fixed-rate debt that is not hedged. 
  Equity Price Risk 
  The fair value of our equity investments in publicly traded companies is subject to market price volatility. We may hold equity securities for strategic purposes or to diversify our overall investment portfolio. Our equity portfolio consists of securities with characteristics that most closely match the Standard   Poor s 500 Index or Nasdaq Composite Index. These equity securities are held for purposes other than trading. To manage our exposure to changes in the fair value of certain equity securities, we may enter into equity derivatives designated as hedging instruments. 
  Publicly Traded Equity Securities    The following tables present the hypothetical fair values of publicly traded equity securities as a result of selected potential decreases and increases in the price of each equity security in the portfolio, excluding hedged equity securities, if any. Potential fluctuations in the price of each equity security in the portfolio of plus or minus 10%, 20%, and 30% were selected based on potential near-term changes in those security prices.  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

The hypothetical fair values as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   are as follows (in millions): 

Investments in Privately Held Companies    We have also invested in privately held companies. These investments are recorded in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are accounted for using primarily either the cost or the equity method. As of   July 28, 2018  , the total carrying amount of our investments in privately held companies was   $1,096 million  , compared with   $983 million   at   July 29, 2017  . Some of the privately held companies in which we invested are in the startup or development stages. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose our entire investment in these companies. Our evaluation of investments in privately held companies is based on the fundamentals of the businesses invested in, including, among other factors, the nature of their technologies and potential for financial return.  
  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
  Our foreign exchange forward and option contracts outstanding at fiscal year-end are summarized in U.S. dollar equivalents as follows (in millions):   

  We conduct business globally in numerous currencies. The direct effect of foreign currency fluctuations on revenue has not been material because our revenue is primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. However, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could have an indirect effect on our revenue to the extent it raises the cost of our products to non-U.S. customers and thereby reduces demand. A weaker U.S. dollar could have the opposite effect. However, the precise indirect effect of currency fluctuations is difficult to measure or predict because our revenue is influenced by many factors in addition to the impact of such currency fluctuations. 
  Approximately 70% of our operating expenses are U.S.-dollar denominated. In   fiscal 2018  , foreign currency fluctuations, net of hedging, increased our combined R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses by approximately   $93 million  , or   0.5%  , as compared with   fiscal 2017  . In   fiscal 2017  , foreign currency fluctuations, net of hedging, decreased our combined R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses by approximately   $77 million  , or   0.4%  , as compared with   fiscal 2016  . To reduce variability in operating expenses and service cost of sales caused by non-U.S.-dollar denominated operating expenses and costs, we may hedge certain forecasted foreign currency transactions with currency options and forward contracts. These hedging programs are not designed to provide foreign currency protection over long time horizons. In designing a specific hedging approach, we consider several factors, including offsetting exposures, significance of exposures, costs associated with entering into a particular hedge instrument, and potential effectiveness of the hedge. The gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts mitigate the effect of currency movements on our operating expenses and service cost of sales. 
  We also enter into foreign exchange forward and option contracts to reduce the short-term effects of foreign currency fluctuations on receivables and payables that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities. The market risks associated with these foreign currency receivables, investments, and payables relate primarily to variances from our forecasted foreign currency transactions and balances. We do not enter into foreign exchange forward or option contracts for speculative purposes. 
  
   59 

Table of Contents  

Item 8. 
    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  
                  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    61 
       Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
    62 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    63 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations  
    64 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    65 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    66 
       Consolidated Statements of Equity  
    67 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    68 
       Note 1: Basis of Presentation  
    68 
       Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
    68 
       Note 3: Acquisitions and Divestitures  
    76 
       Note 4: Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets  
    78 
       Note 5: Restructuring and Other Charges  
    81 
       Note 6: Balance Sheet Details  
    82 
       Note 7: Financing Receivables and Operating Leases  
    83 
       Note 8: Investments  
    86 
       Note 9: Fair Value  
    89 
       Note 10: Borrowings  
    91 
       Note 11: Derivative Instruments  
    93 
       Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies  
    96 
       Note 13: Shareholders  Equity  
    101 
       Note 14: Employee Benefit Plans  
    102 
       Note 15: Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    107 
       Note 16: Income Taxes  
    108 
       Note 17: Segment Information and Major Customers  
    111 
       Note 18: Net Income per Share  
    113 
       Supplementary Financial Data  
    114 

60 

Table of Contents  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Cisco Systems, Inc.  
  Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cisco Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity for each of the three years in the period ended   July 28, 2018  , including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended   July 28, 2018   appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the  consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of   July 28, 2018  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework   (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   July 28, 2018   in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of   July 28, 2018  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework   (2013) issued by the COSO. 
  Basis for Opinions 
  The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.   
  Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
  Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
  San Jose, California 
  September 6, 2018    
  We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988.       

61 

Table of Contents  

Reports of Management  
  Statement of Management's Responsibility  
  Cisco s management has always assumed full accountability for maintaining compliance with our established financial accounting policies and for reporting our results with objectivity and the highest degree of integrity. It is critical for investors and other users of the Consolidated Financial Statements to have confidence that the financial information that we provide is timely, complete, relevant, and accurate. Management is responsible for the fair presentation of Cisco s Consolidated Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and has full responsibility for their integrity and accuracy. 
  Management, with oversight by Cisco s Board of Directors, has established and maintains a strong ethical climate so that our affairs are conducted to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct. Management also has established an effective system of internal controls. Cisco s policies and practices reflect corporate governance initiatives that are compliant with the listing requirements of Nasdaq and the corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
  We are committed to enhancing shareholder value and fully understand and embrace our fiduciary oversight responsibilities. We are dedicated to ensuring that our high standards of financial accounting and reporting, as well as our underlying system of internal controls, are maintained. Our culture demands integrity, and we have the highest confidence in our processes, our internal controls and our people, who are objective in their responsibilities and who operate under the highest level of ethical standards.  
  Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Cisco. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Management (with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of Cisco s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in   Internal Control Integrated Framework   (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Cisco s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of   July 28, 2018  . PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of Cisco s internal control over financial reporting and has issued a report on Cisco s internal control over financial reporting, which is included in their report on the preceding page. 
    
                   /S/   C  HARLES   H  .   R  OBBINS 
      
    /S/   K  ELLY   A  .   K  RAMER 
      Charles H. Robbins 
      
    Kelly A. Kramer 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      September 6, 2018 
      
    September 6, 2018 

62 

Table of Contents  

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (in millions, except par value)    

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   63 

     Table of Contents  

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (in millions, except per-share amounts)    

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   64 

Table of Contents  

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (in millions) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

65 

Table of Contents  

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (in millions) 
   
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   66 

Table of Contents  

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Equity 
  (in millions, except per-share amounts)    

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

67 

Table of Contents  

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
    Basis of Presentation 
     The fiscal year for Cisco Systems, Inc. (the  Company,   Cisco,   we,   us,  or  our ) is the 52 or 53 weeks ending on the last Saturday in July.   Fiscal 2018   and   fiscal 2017   were each 52-week fiscal years, while   fiscal 2016   was a 53-week fiscal year. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of ours and those of our subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  We conduct business globally and are primarily managed on a geographic basis in the following   three   geographic segments: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC).  
  We consolidate our investments in a venture fund managed by SOFTBANK Corp. and its affiliates ( SOFTBANK ) as this is a variable interest entity and we are the primary beneficiary. The noncontrolling interests attributed to SOFTBANK are presented as a separate component from our equity in the equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. SOFTBANK's share of the earnings in the venture fund are not presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as these amounts are not material for any of the fiscal periods presented. 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the amounts for prior years in order to conform to the current year s presentation. We have evaluated subsequent events through the date that the financial statements were issued. 

2. 
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
     (a) Cash and Cash Equivalents     We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with various financial institutions. 
  (b) Available-for-Sale Investments     We classify our investments in both fixed income securities and publicly traded equity securities as available-for-sale investments. Fixed income securities primarily consist of U.S. government securities, U.S. government agency securities, non-U.S. government and agency securities, corporate debt securities, and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities. These available-for-sale investments are primarily held in the custody of a major financial institution. A specific identification method is used to determine the cost basis of fixed income and public equity securities sold. These investments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on these investments, to the extent the investments are unhedged, are included as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), net of tax. We classify our investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their availability for use in current operations. 
  (c) Other-than-Temporary Impairments on Investments     When the fair value of a debt security is less than its amortized cost, it is deemed impaired, and we will assess whether the impairment is other than temporary. An impairment is considered other than temporary if (i) we have the intent to sell the security, (ii) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis, or (iii) we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. If impairment is considered other than temporary based on condition (i) or (ii) described earlier, the entire difference between the amortized cost and the fair value of the debt security is recognized in earnings. If an impairment is considered other than temporary based on condition (iii), the amount representing credit losses (defined as the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis of the debt security) will be recognized in earnings, and the amount relating to all other factors will be recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI). 
  We recognize an impairment charge on publicly traded equity securities when a decline in the fair value of a security below the respective cost basis is judged to be other than temporary. We consider various factors in determining whether a decline in the fair value of these investments is other than temporary, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value of the security has been less than our cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. 
  Investments in privately held companies are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are accounted for using either the cost or equity method. We monitor these investments for impairments and make reductions in carrying values if we determine that an impairment charge is required based primarily on the financial condition and near-term prospects of these companies. 

68 

     Table of Contents  

(d) Inventories     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. We provide inventory write-downs based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts. The write-down is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. In addition, we record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of excess and obsolete inventory. 
  (e) Allowance for Doubtful Accounts     The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of the collectibility of customer accounts. We regularly review the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances, economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay, and expected default frequency rates. Trade receivables are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible. 
  (f) Financing Receivables and Guarantees     We provide financing arrangements, including leases, financed service contracts, and loans, for certain qualified end-user customers to build, maintain, and upgrade their networks. Lease receivables primarily represent sales-type and direct-financing leases. Leases have on average a   four  -year term and are usually collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Loan receivables include customers financing purchases of our hardware, software and services and also may include additional funds for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. Loan receivables generally have terms of up to   three   years. Financed service contracts typically have terms of   one   to   three years   and primarily relate to technical support services.  
  We determine the adequacy of our allowance for credit loss by assessing the risks and losses inherent in our financing receivables by portfolio segment. The portfolio segment is based on the types of financing offered by us to our customers: lease receivables, loan receivables, and financed service contracts.  
  We assess the allowance for credit loss related to financing receivables on either an individual or a collective basis. We consider various factors in evaluating lease and loan receivables and the earned portion of financed service contracts for possible impairment on an individual basis. These factors include our historical experience, credit quality and age of the receivable balances, and economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay. When the evaluation indicates that it is probable that all amounts due pursuant to the contractual terms of the financing agreement, including scheduled interest payments, are unable to be collected, the financing receivable is considered impaired. All such outstanding amounts, including any accrued interest, are assessed and reserved at the customer level. Our internal credit risk ratings are categorized as   1   through   10  , with the lowest credit risk rating representing the highest quality financing receivables. Typically, we also consider financing receivables with a risk rating of   8   or higher to be impaired and will include them in the individual assessment for allowance. We evaluate the remainder of our financing receivables portfolio for impairment on a collective basis and record an allowance for credit loss at the portfolio segment level. When evaluating the financing receivables on a collective basis, we use historical default rates and expected default frequency rates published by major third-party credit-rating agencies as well as our own historical loss rate in the event of default, while also systematically giving effect to economic conditions, concentration of risk, and correlation.  
  Expected default frequency rates and historical default rates are published quarterly by major third-party credit-rating agencies, and the internal credit risk rating is derived by taking into consideration various customer-specific factors and macroeconomic conditions. These factors, which include the strength of the customer s business and financial performance, the quality of the customer s banking relationships, our specific historical experience with the customer, the performance and outlook of the customer s industry, the customer s legal and regulatory environment, the potential sovereign risk of the geographic locations in which the customer is operating, and independent third-party evaluations, are updated regularly or when facts and circumstances indicate that an update is deemed necessary.   
  Financing receivables are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible, and all outstanding balances, including any previously earned but uncollected interest income, will be reversed and charged against the allowance for credit loss. We do not typically have any partially written-off financing receivables.  
  Outstanding financing receivables that are aged   31   days or more from the contractual payment date are considered past due. We do not accrue interest on financing receivables that are considered impaired or more than   90   days past due unless either the receivable has not been collected due to administrative reasons or the receivable is well secured and in the process of collection. Financing receivables may be placed on nonaccrual status earlier if, in management s opinion, a timely collection of the full principal and interest becomes uncertain. After a financing receivable has been categorized as nonaccrual, interest will be recognized when cash is received. A financing receivable may be returned to accrual status after all of the customer s delinquent balances of principal and interest have been settled, and the customer remains current for an appropriate period.  
  
   69 

     Table of Contents  

We facilitate arrangements for third-party financing extended to channel partners, consisting of revolving short-term financing, generally with payment terms ranging from   60   to   90   days. In certain instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our receivables to the third party. The receivables are derecognized upon transfer, as these transfers qualify as true sales, and we receive a payment for the receivables from the third party based on our standard payment terms. These financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and, in some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. We also provide financing guarantees for third-party financing arrangements extended to end-user customers related to leases and loans, which typically have terms of up to   three   years. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. Deferred revenue relating to these financing arrangements is recorded in accordance with revenue recognition policies or for the fair value of the financing guarantees. 
  (g) Depreciation and Amortization     Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation or amortization, whenever applicable. Depreciation and amortization expenses for property and equipment were approximately   $1.1 billion  ,   $1.1 billion  , and   $1.0 billion   for   fiscal 2018  ,   2017  , and   2016  , respectively. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method, generally over the following periods: 
                   Asset Category 
      
    Period 
      Buildings 
      
    25 years 
      Building improvements 
      
    10 years 
      Leasehold improvements 
      
    Shorter of remaining lease term or up to 10 years 
      Computer equipment and related software 
      
    30 to 36 months 
      Production, engineering, and other equipment 
      
    Up to 5 years 
      Operating lease assets 
      
    Based on lease term 
      Furniture and fixtures 
      
    5 years 

(h) Business Combinations   We allocate the fair value of the purchase consideration of our acquisitions to the tangible assets, liabilities, and intangible assets acquired, including in-process research and development (IPR D), based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. IPR D is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. When an IPR D project is completed, the IPR D is reclassified as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and amortized over the asset s estimated useful life. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. 
  (i) Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets     Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter and, when specific circumstances dictate, between annual tests. When impaired, the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value. The goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process. The first step, identifying a potential impairment, compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step would need to be conducted; otherwise, no further steps are necessary as no potential impairment exists. If necessary, the second step to measure the impairment loss would be to compare the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. Any excess of the reporting unit goodwill carrying value over the respective implied fair value is recognized as an impairment loss. Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are carried at cost, less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. See  Long-Lived Assets  for our policy regarding impairment testing of purchased intangible assets with finite lives. Purchased intangible assets with indefinite lives are assessed for potential impairment annually or when events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts might be impaired. 
  (j) Long-Lived Assets     Long-lived assets that are held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability of long-lived assets is based on an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of an impairment loss for long-lived assets that management expects to hold and use is based on the difference between the fair value of the asset and its carrying value. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.  
  (k) Fair Value     Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be either recorded or disclosed at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact, and we also consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.  
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  

The accounting guidance for fair value measurement requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 
  Level 1   applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
  Level 2   applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. We use inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, and other similar data, which are obtained from quoted market prices, independent pricing vendors, or other sources, to determine the ultimate fair value of assets or liabilities. 
  Level 3   applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The fair values are determined based on model-based techniques such as discounted cash flow models using inputs that we could not corroborate with market data. 
  (l) Derivative Instruments     We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and measure those instruments at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For a derivative instrument designated as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss is recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributed to the risk being hedged. For a derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the derivative s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged exposure affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in earnings immediately. For a derivative instrument designated as a net investment hedge of our foreign operations, the gain or loss is recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment within AOCI together with the offsetting loss or gain of the hedged exposure of the underlying foreign operations. Any ineffective portion of the net investment hedges is reported in earnings during the period of change. For derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings in the period of change. We record derivative instruments in the statements of cash flows to operating, investing, or financing activities consistent with the cash flows of the hedged item. 
  Hedge effectiveness for foreign exchange forward contracts used as cash flow hedges is assessed by comparing the change in the fair value of the hedge contract with the change in the fair value of the forecasted cash flows of the hedged item. Hedge effectiveness for equity forward contracts and foreign exchange net investment hedge forward contracts is assessed by comparing changes in fair value due to changes in spot rates for both the derivative and the hedged item. For foreign exchange option contracts, hedge effectiveness is assessed based on the hedging instrument s entire change in fair value. Hedge effectiveness for interest rate swaps is assessed by comparing the change in fair value of the swap with the change in the fair value of the hedged item due to changes in the benchmark interest rate.  
  (m) Foreign Currency Translation     Assets and liabilities of non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in a local currency environment, where that local currency is the functional currency, are translated to U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, with the resulting translation adjustments directly recorded to a separate component of AOCI. Income and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Remeasurement adjustments are recorded in other income (loss), net. The effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents was not material for any of the fiscal years presented. 
  (n) Concentrations of Risk     Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit and therefore bear minimal credit risk. We seek to mitigate our credit risks by spreading such risks across multiple counterparties and monitoring the risk profiles of these counterparties. 
  We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and, with the exception of certain financing transactions, do not require collateral from our customers. We receive certain of our components from sole suppliers. Additionally, we rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers and suppliers to provide manufacturing services for our products. The inability of a contract manufacturer or supplier to fulfill our supply requirements could materially impact future operating results. 
  (o) Revenue Recognition     We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. In instances where final acceptance of the product, system, or solution is specified by the customer, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. For hosting arrangements, we recognize revenue ratably over the hosting period, while usage revenue is recognized based on utilization. Software subscription revenue is deferred and recognized ratably over the subscription term upon delivery of the first product and commencement of the term. Technical support and consulting services revenue is deferred and recognized ratably over the period during which the  
  
   71 

     Table of Contents  

services are to be performed, which is typically from   one   to   three   years. Transactional advanced services revenue is recognized upon delivery or completion of performance milestones. 
  We use distributors that typically stock inventory and sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other resellers. We refer to this as our two-tier sales to the end customer. Revenue from distributors is recognized based on a sell-through method using point-of-sale information provided by the distributors. Distributors and other partners participate in various rebate, cooperative marketing, and other incentive programs, and we maintain estimated accruals and allowances for these programs. The ending liability for these programs was included in other current liabilities, and the balance was   $1.0 billion   as of each of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  . We accrue for warranty costs, sales returns, and other allowances based on our historical experience. Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are included in revenue, with the associated costs included in cost of sales. 
  Many of our products have both software and non-software components that function together to deliver the products  essential functionality. We also provide technical support and advanced services. We have a broad customer base that encompasses virtually all types of public and private entities, including enterprise businesses, service providers, and commercial customers. Cisco and our salesforce are not organized by product divisions, and our products and services can be sold standalone or together in various combinations across our geographic segments or customer markets. For example, service provider arrangements are typically larger in scale with longer deployment schedules and involve the delivery of a variety of product technologies, including high-end routing, video and network management software, and other product technologies along with technical support and advanced services. Our enterprise and commercial arrangements are unique for each customer and smaller in scale and may include network infrastructure products such as routers and switches or collaboration technologies such as Unified Communications and Cisco TelePresence systems products along with technical support services.  
  We enter into revenue arrangements that may consist of multiple deliverables of our product and service offerings due to the needs of our customers. For example, a customer may purchase routing products along with a contract for technical support services. This arrangement would consist of multiple elements, with the products delivered in one reporting period and the technical support services delivered across multiple reporting periods. Another customer may purchase networking products along with advanced service offerings, in which all the elements are delivered within the same reporting period. In addition, distributors purchase products or technical support services on a standalone basis for resale to an end user or for purposes of stocking certain products, and these transactions would not result in a multiple-element arrangement. We consider several factors when reviewing multiple purchases made by the same customer within a short time frame in order to identify multiple-element arrangements, including whether the deliverables are closely interrelated, whether the deliverables are essential to each other s functionality, whether payment terms are linked, whether the customer is entitled to a refund or concession if another purchase is not completed satisfactorily, and/or whether the purchases were negotiated together as one overall arrangement. 
  In many instances, products are sold separately in standalone arrangements as customers may support the products themselves or purchase support on a time-and-materials basis. Advanced services are sometimes sold in standalone engagements such as general consulting, network management, or security advisory projects, and technical support services are sold separately through renewals of annual contracts. We determine our vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) based on our normal pricing and discounting practices for products or services when sold separately. VSOE determination requires that a substantial majority of the historical standalone transactions has the selling prices for a product or service that fall within a reasonably narrow pricing range, generally evidenced by approximately 80% of such historical standalone transactions falling within plus or minus 15% of the median rates. In addition, we consider the geographies in which the products or services are sold, major product and service groups and customer classifications, and other environmental or marketing variables in determining VSOE. 
  When we are not able to establish VSOE for all deliverables in an arrangement with multiple elements, which may be due to us infrequently selling each element separately, not pricing products within a narrow range, or only having a limited sales history, such as in the case of certain newly introduced product categories, we attempt to determine the selling price of each element based on third-party evidence of selling price (TPE). TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar deliverables when sold separately. Generally, our go-to-market strategy differs from that of our peers, and our offerings contain a significant level of differentiation such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained. Furthermore, we are unable to reliably determine what similar competitor products  selling prices are on a standalone basis. Therefore, we are typically not able to determine TPE. 
  When we are unable to establish fair value using VSOE or TPE, we use estimated selling prices (ESP) in our allocation of arrangement consideration. The objective of ESP is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were regularly sold on a standalone basis. ESP is generally used for new or highly proprietary offerings and solutions or for offerings not priced within a reasonably narrow range. We determine ESP for a product or service by considering multiple factors, including, but not limited to, geographies, market conditions, competitive landscape, internal costs, gross margin objectives, and pricing practices. The determination of ESP is made through consultation with and formal approval by our management, taking into consideration the go-to-market strategy. 
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  

We regularly review VSOE, TPE, and ESP and maintains internal controls over the establishment and updates of these estimates. There were no material impacts during fiscal 2018 from changes in VSOE, TPE, or ESP. 
  Our arrangements with multiple deliverables may include one or more software deliverables that are subject to the software revenue recognition guidance. In these cases, revenue for the software is generally recognized upon shipment or electronic delivery and granting of the license. The revenue for these multiple-element arrangements is allocated to the software deliverables and the non-software deliverables based on the relative selling prices of all of the deliverables in the arrangement using the hierarchy in the applicable accounting guidance. In the circumstances where we cannot determine VSOE or TPE of the selling price for all of the deliverables in the arrangement, including the software deliverables, ESP is used for the purposes of performing this allocation. VSOE is required to allocate the revenue between multiple software deliverables. If VSOE is available for the undelivered software elements, we apply the residual method; where VSOE is not available, software revenue is either recognized when all software elements have been delivered or recognized ratably when post-contract support is the only undelivered software element remaining. 
  (p) Advertising Costs     We expense all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs included within sales and marketing expenses were approximately   $166 million  ,   $209 million  , and   $186 million   for   fiscal 2018  ,   2017  , and   2016  , respectively. 
  (q) Share-Based Compensation Expense     We measure and recognize the compensation expense for all share-based awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), performance-based restricted stock units (PRSUs), and employee stock purchases related to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Employee Stock Purchase Rights) based on estimated fair values. The fair value of employee stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-binomial option-pricing model (Lattice-Binomial Model) or the Black-Scholes model, and for employee stock purchase rights we estimate the fair value using the Black-Scholes model. The fair value for time-based stock awards and stock awards that are contingent upon the achievement of financial performance metrics is based on the grant date share price reduced by the present value of the expected dividend yield prior to vesting. The fair value of market-based stock awards is estimated using an option-pricing model on the date of grant. Share-based compensation expense is reduced for forfeitures. 
  (r) Software Development Costs     Software development costs, including costs to develop software sold, leased, or otherwise marketed, that are incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility are capitalized if significant. Costs incurred during the application development stage for internal-use software are capitalized if significant. Capitalized software development costs are amortized using the straight-line amortization method over the estimated useful life of the applicable software. Such software development costs required to be capitalized have not been material to date.  
  (s) Income Taxes     Income tax expense is based on pretax financial accounting income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. 
  We account for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. We classify the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that we anticipate payment (or receipt) of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in the provision for income taxes. 
  (t) Computation of Net Income     per Share     Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted shares outstanding includes the dilutive effect of in-the-money options, unvested restricted stock, and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of such equity awards is calculated based on the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options and the amount of compensation cost for future service that we have not yet recognized are collectively assumed to be used to repurchase shares. 
  (u) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities    We use a qualitative approach in assessing the consolidation requirement for variable interest entities. The approach focuses on identifying which enterprise has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the variable interest entity s economic performance and which enterprise has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the variable interest entity. In the event that we are the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity, the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the variable interest entity will be included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   73 

     Table of Contents  

(v) Use of Estimates     The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for the following, among others: 
             
    Revenue recognition 
                
    Allowances for accounts receivable, sales returns, and financing receivables  
                
    Inventory valuation and liability for purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers 
                
    Loss contingencies and product warranties 
                
    Fair value measurements and other-than-temporary impairments 
                
    Goodwill and purchased intangible asset impairments 
                
    Income taxes 
     The actual results experienced by us may differ materially from management s estimates. 
  (w) New Accounting Updates Recently Adopted 
  Share-Based Compensation    In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that impacts the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We adopted this accounting standard update beginning the first quarter of fiscal 2018 on a prospective basis. This resulted in an overall decrease in the effective tax rate for   fiscal 2018   due to recognition of excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. The application of this accounting standard update did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income    In February 2018, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that allows companies to reclassify from AOCI to retained earnings stranded tax effects resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"). The guidance is effective January 1, 2019 with early adoption permitted. We early adopted this accounting standard update in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and elected not to reclassify prior periods. Adoption of this standard resulted in a decrease of   $45 million   to retained earnings due to the reclassification from AOCI to retained earnings.  
  (x) Recent Accounting Standards or Updates Not Yet Effective as of Fiscal Year End  
  Revenue Recognition    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASC 606, a new accounting standard related to revenue recognition. ASC 606 will supersede nearly all U.S. GAAP on revenue recognition and eliminate industry-specific guidance. The underlying principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenue when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services at an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. It also requires increased disclosures including the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows related to contracts with customers. 
  ASC 606 allows two methods of adoption: i) retrospectively to each prior period presented ( full retrospective method ), or ii) retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized in retained earnings as of the date of adoption ("modified retrospective method"). We will adopt ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2019.   
  We are in process of finalizing our new accounting policies, systems, processes, and internal controls necessary to support the requirements of  ASC 606. We have substantially completed our assessment of the financial statement impact of ASC 606, the impacts of which are as discussed below. 
  
   74 

     Table of Contents  

ASC 606 will primarily impact our revenue recognition for software arrangements and sales to two-tier distributors. In both areas, the new standard will accelerate the recognition of revenue. The table below details the timing of when revenue is typically recognized under the current revenue standard compared to the timing of when revenue will typically be recognized under ASC 606 for these major areas: 

Current Revenue Standard 
      
    New Revenue Standard 
      Software arrangements: 

Perpetual software licenses 
      
    Upfront 
      
    Upfront 
      Term software licenses 
      
    Ratable 
      
    Upfront 
      Security software licenses 
      
    Ratable 
      
    Ratable 
      Enterprise license agreements 
      
    Ratable 
      
    Upfront 
      Software support services 
      
    Ratable 
      
    Ratable 
      Software-as-a-service 
      
    Ratable 
      
    Ratable 
      Two-tier distribution 
      
    Sell-Through 
      
    Sell-In 

In addition to the above revenue recognition timing impacts, ASC 606 requires incremental contract acquisition costs (such as sales commissions) for customer contracts to be capitalized and amortized over the contract term. Currently, these costs are expensed as incurred. 
  Upon adopting ASC 606 at the beginning of fiscal 2019, our cumulative effect adjustment will increase retained earnings by approximately   $2.3 billion  . This cumulative effect adjustment is primarily driven by a reduction to our deferred product revenue of approximately   $2.8 billion  , of which   $1.3 billion   relates to our recurring software and subscription offers,   $0.6 billion   relates to two-tier distribution, and the remainder relates to non-recurring software, services and other adjustments. In addition to the adjustment to deferred product revenue, other adjustments at transition include adjustments to accounts receivable, inventories, other current and noncurrent assets, and other liabilities. The adjustment to other current and noncurrent assets is primarily for capitalized incremental contract acquisitions costs and the establishment of contract assets. The cumulative effect adjustment is recorded net of tax with the direct tax effect recorded primarily as a reduction of deferred tax assets. We also expect to record in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 a net indirect tax benefit to our provision for income taxes related to intercompany adjustments associated with the new standard. See Critical Accounting Estimates, "Revenue Recognition" for further discussion on the fiscal 2019 revenue impacts of ASC 606. 
  Financial Instruments    In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that changes the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. We will adopt this accounting standard update in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The most significant impact of this accounting standard update for us is that it will require the remeasurement of investments that are not accounted for under the equity method at fair value at the end of each reporting period with the changes recorded to the income statement. We estimate an increase to retained earnings of approximately   $0.3 billion   upon adoption of the accounting standard at the beginning of fiscal 2019. The adjustment is primarily driven by a reclassification of net unrealized gains (losses), net of tax on available-for-sale equity investments from accumulated other comprehensive income, and an increase related to our privately held investments. We expect that this accounting standard update will increase the variability of other income (loss), net in future periods. 
  Income Taxes on Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets      In October 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that requires recognition of the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets (other than inventory) at the transaction date. We will adopt this accounting standard update in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on a modified retrospective basis. We estimate an increase to retained earnings of approximately   $1.3 billion   upon adoption of the accounting standard at the beginning of fiscal 2019. The increase to retained earnings reflects estimated changes to deferred tax assets and other assets related to the recognition of income tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers (other than inventory) that occurred prior to the adoption date. The ongoing impact of this standard will be facts and circumstances dependent on any transactions within its scope. 
  Classification of Cash Flow Elements      In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update related to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. We will adopt this accounting standard update in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on a retrospective basis. We do not expect that this accounting standard update will have a material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
  Restricted Cash in Statement of Cash Flow    In November 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that provides guidance on the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. We will adopt this accounting standard update in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 using a retrospective transition method for each  
  
   75 

     Table of Contents  

period presented. We do not expect this accounting update will have a material impact, though it will change the presentation of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
  Definition of a Business      In January 2017, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that clarifies the definition of a business to help companies evaluate whether acquisition or disposal transactions should be accounted for as asset groups or as businesses. We will adopt this accounting standard update beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on a prospective basis. The impact of this accounting standard update will be fact dependent, but we expect that some transactions that were previously accounted for as business combinations or disposal transactions will be accounted for as asset purchases or asset sales under the accounting standard update. 
  Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment    In January 2017, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires the assessment of fair value of individual assets and liabilities of a reporting unit to measure goodwill impairments. Goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value. We will early adopt this standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 on a prospective basis. We do not expect this accounting standard update will have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Leases    In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update, as well as subsequent amendments, related to leases requiring lessees to recognize operating and financing lease liabilities on the balance sheet, as well as corresponding right-of-use assets. The new lease standard also makes some changes to lessor accounting and aligns key aspects of the lessor accounting model with the revenue recognition standard. In addition, disclosures will be required to enable users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The accounting standard update will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 on a modified retrospective basis, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Credit Losses of Financial Instruments      In June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported amount. The accounting standard update will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 on a modified retrospective basis, and early adoption in fiscal 2020 is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3. 
    Acquisitions and Divestitures  
              (a) 
    Acquisition Summary 
     We completed   eight   acquisitions during   fiscal 2018  . A summary of the allocation of the total purchase consideration is presented as follows (in millions):   

  On July 31, 2017, we completed our acquisition of privately held Viptela Inc. ("Viptela"), a provider of software-defined wide area networking products. Revenue from the Viptela acquisition has been included in our Infrastructure Platforms product category. 
  On September 22, 2017, we completed our acquisition of privately held Springpath, Inc. ("Springpath"), a hyperconvergence software company. Revenue from the Springpath acquisition has been included in our Infrastructure Platforms product category. 
  On February 1, 2018, we completed our acquisition of publicly held BroadSoft, Inc. ("BroadSoft"), a cloud calling and contact center solutions company. Revenue from the BroadSoft acquisition has been included in our Applications product category. 
  On May 10, 2018, we completed our acquisition of privately held Accompany, a provider of an AI-driven relationship intelligence platform. Results from the Accompany acquisition will be included in our Applications product category. 
  
   76 

     Table of Contents  

The total purchase consideration related to our acquisitions completed during   fiscal 2018   consisted of cash consideration and vested share-based awards assumed. The total cash and cash equivalents acquired from these acquisitions was approximately   $187 million  .   
  Fiscal 2017   Acquisitions 
  Allocation of the purchase consideration for acquisitions completed in   fiscal 2017   is summarized as follows (in millions): 

On August 1, 2016, we acquired privately held CloudLock Inc. ("CloudLock"), a provider of cloud security that specializes in cloud access security broker technology that provides enterprises with visibility and analytics around user behavior and sensitive data in cloud services. Revenue from the CloudLock acquisition has been included in our Security product category. 
  On March 17, 2017, we acquired privately held AppDynamics, Inc. ("AppDynamics"), an application intelligence software company. AppDynamics's cloud application and business monitoring platform is designed to enable companies to improve application and business performance. With the AppDynamics acquisition, we seek to provide end-to-end visibility and intelligence from the customer's network through to the application. Product revenue from the AppDynamics acquisition has been included in our Other product category. 
  On May 26, 2017, we acquired privately held MindMeld, Inc. ("MindMeld"), an artificial intelligence (AI) company. MindMeld's unique AI platform enables customers to build intelligent and human-like conversational interfaces for any application or device. Revenue from the MindMeld acquisition has been included in our Collaboration product category. 
  The total purchase consideration related to our acquisitions completed during   fiscal 2017   consisted of cash consideration and vested share-based awards assumed. The total cash and cash equivalents acquired from these acquisitions was approximately   $138 million  .   
  Fiscal 2016 Acquisitions 
  In fiscal 2016, we completed   12   acquisitions for total purchase consideration of   $3.4 billion  . 
           (b) 
    Pending Divestiture of Service Provider Video Software Solutions Business 
     In the fourth quarter of   fiscal 2018  , we announced a definitive agreement to sell our Service Provider Video Software Solutions ("SPVSS") business. As of   July 28, 2018  , this business had tangible assets of approximately   $175 million   (primarily comprised of accounts receivables, inventories and various other current and long-term assets) and net intangible assets and goodwill (based on relative fair value) of   $300 million  . In addition, the business had total liabilities of approximately   $320 million   (primarily comprised of deferred revenue and various other current and long-term liabilities). These assets and liabilities were held for sale and were not presented separately as the amounts were not material to the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We expect to have an  immaterial financial statement impact from this transaction upon closing. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2019, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. 
  (c)   Pending Acquisition of Duo Security 
  On August 2, 2018, we announced our intent to acquire Duo Security, Inc., the leading provider of unified access security and multi-factor authentication delivered through the cloud. Integrating our network, device and cloud security platforms with Duo Security's zero-trust authentication and access products is designed to enable customers to easily and securely connect users to any application on any networked device. 
  Under the terms of the agreement, we have agreed to pay approximately   $2.35 billion   in cash and assumed equity awards to acquire Duo Security. The acquisition is expected to close during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Upon close of the acquisition, revenue from Duo Security will be included in our Security product category. 
  
   77 

     Table of Contents  

(d)   Other Acquisition and Divestiture Information  
  Total transaction costs related to our acquisition and divestiture activities during   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016   were   $41 million  ,   $10 million  , and   $32 million  , respectively. These transaction costs were expensed as incurred in G A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
  Our purchase price allocation for acquisitions completed during recent periods is preliminary and subject to revision as additional information about fair value of assets and liabilities becomes available. Additional information that existed as of the acquisition date but at that time was unknown to us, may become known to us during the remainder of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date. Adjustments in the purchase price allocation may require a recasting of the amounts allocated to goodwill retroactive to the period in which the acquisition occurred. 
  The goodwill generated from our acquisitions completed during   fiscal 2018   is primarily related to expected synergies. The goodwill is generally not deductible for income tax purposes. 
  The Consolidated Financial Statements include the operating results of each acquisition from the date of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations for the acquisitions completed during   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016   have not been presented because the effects of the acquisitions, individually and in the aggregate, were not material to our financial results. 
  We completed   two   divestitures during   fiscal 2018  . The financial statement impact of these divestitures was not material for   fiscal 2018  . 

4. 
    Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets  
              (a) 
    Goodwill 
     The following tables present the goodwill allocated to our reportable segments as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , as well as the changes to goodwill during   fiscal 2018 and 2017   (in millions):  

Other  in the tables above primarily consists of divestitures, foreign currency translation, as well as immaterial purchase accounting adjustments.  
  
   78 

     Table of Contents  

(b) 
    Purchased Intangible Assets 
     The following tables present details of our intangible assets acquired through acquisitions completed during   fiscal 2018 and 2017   (in millions, except years): 

The following tables present details of our purchased intangible assets (in millions):    

Purchased intangible assets include intangible assets acquired through acquisitions as well as through direct purchases or licenses.  
  
   79 

     Table of Contents  

Impairment charges related to purchased intangible assets were approximately   $1 million  ,   $47 million  , and   $74 million   for   fiscal 2018  ,   fiscal 2017  , and   fiscal 2016  , respectively. Impairment charges were as a result of declines in estimated fair value resulting from the reduction or elimination of expected future cash flows associated with certain of our technology and IPR D intangible assets.     
  The following table presents the amortization of purchased intangible assets (in millions): 

The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets with finite lives as of   July 28, 2018   is as follows (in millions): 

80 

     Table of Contents  

5. 
    Restructuring and Other Charges 
     We initiated a restructuring plan during fiscal 2018 (the  Fiscal 2018 Plan ), in order to realign our organization and enable further investment in key priority areas. The total pretax charges are estimated to be approximately   $300 million  . In connection with the Fiscal 2018 Plan, we incurred charges of   $108 million   during fiscal 2018. These aggregate pretax charges are primarily cash-based and consist of employee severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other associated costs. We expect the Fiscal 2018 Plan to be substantially completed in fiscal 2019. 
  We announced a restructuring plan in August 2016 (the  Fiscal 2017 Plan ), in order to reinvest in our key priority areas. In connection with the Fiscal 2017 Plan, we incurred cumulative charges of   $1.0 billion  , which were primarily cash-based and consisted of employee severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other associated costs. We completed the Fiscal 2017 Plan in fiscal 2018.   
  We announced a restructuring action in August 2014 (the  Fiscal 2015 Plan ), in order to realign our workforce towards key growth areas of our business such as data center, software, security, and cloud. In connection with this plan, we incurred cumulative charges of approximately   $756 million  . We completed the Fiscal 2015 Plan   at the end of fiscal 2016.    
  The following table summarizes the activities related to the restructuring and other charges, as discussed above (in millions): 

In addition to the above amounts, we incurred   $2 million   credit of restructuring and other charges within cost of sales during fiscal 2016. 

81 

Table of Contents  

6. 
    Balance Sheet Details  
     The following tables provide details of selected balance sheet items (in millions): 

82 

Table of Contents  

7. 
    Financing Receivables and Operating Leases   
              (a) 
    Financing Receivables 
     Financing receivables primarily consist of lease receivables, loan receivables, and financed service contracts. Lease receivables represent sales-type and direct-financing leases resulting from the sale of Cisco's and complementary third-party products and are typically collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Lease receivables consist of arrangements with terms of   four years   on average. Loan receivables represent financing arrangements related to the sale of our hardware, software, and services, which may include additional funding for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. Loan receivables generally have terms of up to   three years  . Financed service contracts include financing receivables related to technical support and advanced services. Revenue related to the technical support services is typically deferred and included in deferred service revenue and is recognized ratably over the period during which the related services are to be performed, which typically ranges from   one   to   three   years.   
  A summary of our financing receivables is presented as follows (in millions): 

Future minimum lease payments to Cisco on lease receivables as of   July 28, 2018   are summarized as follows (in millions): 

Actual cash collections may differ from the contractual maturities due to early customer buyouts, refinancings, or defaults. 
  
   83 

     Table of Contents  

(b) 
    Credit Quality of Financing Receivables 
     Gross receivables, excluding residual value, less unearned income categorized by our internal credit risk rating as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   are summarized as follows (in millions):    

We determine the adequacy of our allowance for credit loss by assessing the risks and losses inherent in our financing receivables by portfolio segment. The portfolio segment is based on the types of financing offered by us to our customers, which consist of the following: lease receivables, loan receivables, and financed service contracts.   
  Our internal credit risk ratings of   1   through   4   correspond to investment-grade ratings, while credit risk ratings of   5   and   6   correspond to non-investment grade ratings. Credit risk ratings of   7   and higher correspond to substandard ratings.  
  In circumstances when collectibility is not deemed reasonably assured, the associated revenue is deferred in accordance with our revenue recognition policies, and the related allowance for credit loss, if any, is included in deferred revenue. We also record deferred revenue associated with financing receivables when there are remaining performance obligations, as we do for financed service contracts.  
  The following tables present the aging analysis of gross receivables, excluding residual value and less unearned income as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   (in millions):  

Past due financing receivables are those that are   31 days   or more past due according to their contractual payment terms. The data in the preceding tables is presented by contract, and the aging classification of each contract is based on the oldest outstanding receivable, and therefore past due amounts also include unbilled and current receivables within the same contract. The balances of either unbilled or current financing receivables included in the category of 91 days plus past due for financing receivables were   $503 million   and   $666 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively.  
  
   84 

     Table of Contents  

As of   July 28, 2018  , we had financing receivables of   $182 million  , net of unbilled or current receivables, that were in the category of 91 days plus past due but remained on accrual status as they are well secured and in the process of collection. Such balance was   $315 million   as of   July 29, 2017  .  
           (c) 
    Allowance for Credit Loss Rollforward  
     The allowances for credit loss and the related financing receivables are summarized as follows (in millions):  

(d) 
    Operating Leases 
     We provide financing of certain equipment through operating leases, and the amounts are included in property and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts relating to equipment on operating lease assets and the associated accumulated depreciation are summarized as follows (in millions): 

Minimum future rentals on noncancelable operating leases as of   July 28, 2018   are summarized as follows (in millions): 

85 

     Table of Contents  

8. 
    Investments 
              (a) 
    Summary of Available-for-Sale Investments 
     The following tables summarize our available-for-sale investments (in millions):    

  Net unsettled investment sales as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   were   $1.5 billion   and   $30 million  , respectively and were included in other current assets and other current liabilities.  
  Non-U.S. government and agency securities include agency and corporate debt securities that are guaranteed by non-U.S. governments. 
    
           (b) 
    Gains and Losses on Available-for-Sale Investments 
     The following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized losses related to our available-for-sale investments (in millions): 

The following table presents the realized net gains and losses related to our available-for-sale investments by security type (in millions): 

86 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the breakdown of the available-for-sale investments with gross unrealized losses and the duration that those losses had been unrealized at   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   (in millions): 

For   fiscal 2018  , the realized net losses for available-for-sale investments included impairment charges of   $52 million  . These impairment charges related primarily to publicly traded equity securities and were due to a decline in the fair value of those securities below their cost basis that were determined to be other than temporary. For   fiscal 2017  , the realized net losses related to available-for-sale investments included impairment charges of   $74 million  , primarily related to publicly traded equity securities. These impairment charges were due to a decline in the fair value of those securities below their cost basis that were determined to be other than temporary. For   fiscal 2016  , the realized net losses related to available-for-sale investments included impairment charges of   $3 million   for fixed income securities.  
  As of   July 28, 2018  , for available-for-sale investments  that were in unrealized loss positions, we have determined that   no   additional other-than-temporary impairments were required to be recognized. 

87 

     Table of Contents  

(c) 
    Maturities of Fixed Income Securities 
     The following table summarizes the maturities of our fixed income securities at   July 28, 2018   (in millions):    

Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. The remaining contractual principal maturities for mortgage-backed securities were allocated assuming no prepayments. 
           (d) 
    Securities Lending 
     We periodically engage in securities lending activities with certain of our available-for-sale investments. These transactions are accounted for as a secured lending of the securities, and the securities are typically loaned only on an overnight basis. The average daily balance of securities lending for   fiscal 2018   and   2017   was   $0.3 billion   and   $0.7 billion  , respectively. We require collateral equal to at least   102%   of the fair market value of the loaned security and that the collateral be in the form of cash or liquid, high-quality assets. We engage in these secured lending transactions only with highly creditworthy counterparties, and the associated portfolio custodian has agreed to indemnify us against collateral losses. We did not experience any losses in connection with the secured lending of securities during the periods presented.  As of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , we had   no   outstanding securities lending transactions.  
           (e) 
    Investments in Privately Held Companies 
     The carrying value of our investments in privately held companies was included in other assets. For such investments that were accounted for under the equity and cost method as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , the amounts are summarized in the following table (in millions): 

For additional information on impairment charges related to investments in privately held companies, see Note 9. 
  Variable Interest Entities    In the ordinary course of business, we have investments in privately held companies and provide financing to certain customers. These privately held companies and customers may be considered to be variable interest entities. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our investments in these privately held companies and our customer financings and have determined that as of   July 28, 2018  , except as disclosed herein, there were   no   variable interest entities required to be consolidated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  As of   July 28, 2018  , the carrying value of our investments in privately held companies was   $1.1 billion  , of which   $531 million   of such investments are considered to be in variable interest entities which are unconsolidated. In addition, we have additional funding commitments of   $223 million   related to these investments, some of which are based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones, and some of which are required to be funded on demand. The carrying value of these investments and the additional funding commitments collectively represent our maximum exposure related to these variable interest entities.  

88 

Table of Contents  

9. 
    Fair Value  
              (a) 
    Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
     Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions): 

We classify our cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments within Level 1 or Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy because we use quoted prices in active markets or alternative pricing sources and models using market observable inputs to determine their fair value. Our derivative instruments are classified as Level 2, as they are not actively traded and are valued using pricing models that use observable market inputs. We did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements during the periods presented. 
  
   89 

     Table of Contents  

(b) 
    Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
     The following table presents gains and losses on assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis(in millions): 

These assets were measured at fair value due to events or circumstances we identified as having significant impact on their fair value during the respective periods. To arrive at the valuation of these assets, we consider any significant changes in the financial metrics and economic variables and also use third-party valuation reports to assist in the valuation as necessary.  
  The fair value measurement of the impaired investments was classified as Level 3 because significant unobservable inputs were used in the valuation due to the absence of quoted market prices and inherent lack of liquidity.  Significant unobservable inputs, which included financial metrics of comparable private and public companies, financial condition and near-term prospects of the investees, recent financing activities of the investees, and the investees  capital structure as well as other economic variables, reflected the assumptions market participants would use in pricing these assets.  The impairment charges, representing the difference between the net book value and the fair value as a result of the evaluation, were recorded to other income (loss), net.  The remaining carrying value of the investments that were impaired was   $57 million   and   $81 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively. 
  The fair value for purchased intangibles assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis was categorized as Level 3 due to the use of significant unobservable inputs in the valuation. Significant unobservable inputs that were used included expected revenues and net income related to the assets and the expected life of the assets.  The difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the assets was recorded as an impairment charge, which was included in product cost of sales and operating expenses as applicable.  See Note 4.  The remaining carrying value of the specific purchased intangible assets that were impaired was   zero   and   $63 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively.  
  The fair value of property held for sale was measured with the assistance of third-party valuation models, which used discounted cash flow techniques as part of their analysis.  The fair value measurement was categorized as Level 3, as significant unobservable inputs were used in the valuation report. The impairment charges as a result of the valuations, which represented the difference between the fair value less cost to sell and the carrying amount of the assets held for sale, was included in restructuring and other charges. The remaining carrying value of the property held for sale that was impaired was   zero   and   $5 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively.  
           (c) 
    Other Fair Value Disclosures  
     The carrying value of our investments in privately held companies that were accounted for under the cost method was   $978 million   and   $859 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively. It was not practicable to estimate the fair value of this portfolio. 
  The fair value of our short-term loan receivables and financed service contracts approximates their carrying value due to their short duration.  The aggregate carrying value of our long-term loan receivables and financed service contracts as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   was   $3.6 billion   and   $3.4 billion  , respectively. The estimated fair value of our long-term loan receivables and financed service contracts approximates their carrying value. We use significant unobservable inputs in determining discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value of our long-term loan receivables and financed service contracts, and therefore they are categorized as Level 3. 
  As of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , the estimated fair value of our short-term debt approximates its carrying value due to the short maturities.  As of   July 28, 2018  , the fair value of our senior notes and other long-term debt was   $26.4 billion  , with a carrying amount of   $25.6 billion  .  This compares to a fair value of   $32.1 billion   and a carrying amount of   $30.5 billion   as of   July 29, 2017  .  The fair value of the senior notes and other long-term debt was determined based on observable market prices in a less active market and was categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.  

90 

Table of Contents  

(a) 
    Short-Term Debt 
     The following table summarizes our short-term debt (in millions, except percentages): 

We have a short-term debt financing program of up to   $10.0 billion   through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. 
  The effective rates for the short- and long-term debt include the interest on the notes, the accretion of the discount, the issuance costs, and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging.   
  
   91 

     Table of Contents  

(b) 
    Long-Term Debt 
     The following table summarizes our long-term debt (in millions, except percentages): 

We entered into interest rate swaps in prior periods with an aggregate notional amount of   $6.75 billion   designated as fair value hedges of certain of our fixed-rate senior notes.  These swaps convert the fixed interest rates of the fixed-rate notes to floating interest rates based on the London InterBank Offered Rate (LIBOR).  The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in market interest rates.  For additional information, see Note 11. 
  Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes and payable quarterly on the floating-rate notes.  Each of the senior fixed-rate notes is redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. The senior notes rank at par with the commercial paper notes that have been issued in the future pursuant to our short-term debt financing program, as discussed above under  (a) Short-Term Debt.   As of   July 28, 2018  , we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
  
   92 

     Table of Contents  

As of   July 28, 2018  , future principal payments for long-term debt, including the current portion, are summarized as follows (in millions): 

(c) 
    Credit Facility 
     On May 15, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a   $3.0 billion   unsecured revolving credit facility that is scheduled to expire on   May 15, 2020  . Any advances under the credit agreement will accrue interest at rates that are equal to, based on certain conditions, either (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus   0.50%  , (b) Bank of America s  prime rate  as announced from time to time, or (c) LIBOR, or a comparable or successor rate that is approved by the Administrative Agent ( Eurocurrency Rate ), for an interest period of one-month plus   1.00%  , or (ii) the Eurocurrency Rate, plus a margin that is based on our senior debt credit ratings as published by Standard   Poor s Financial Services, LLC and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., provided that in no event will the Eurocurrency Rate be less than   zero  . We may also, upon agreement of either the then-existing lenders or additional lenders not currently parties to the agreement, increase the commitments under the credit facility by up to an additional   $2.0 billion   and/or extend the expiration date of the credit facility up to May 15, 2022. 
  This credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we maintain an interest coverage ratio as defined in the agreement. As of   July 28, 2018  , we were in compliance with the required interest coverage ratio and the other covenants, and we had   not   borrowed any funds under the credit facility.  

11. 
    Derivative Instruments  
              (a) 
    Summary of Derivative Instruments 
     We use derivative instruments primarily to manage exposures to foreign currency exchange rate, interest rate, and equity price risks. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity prices. Our derivatives expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreement. We do, however, seek to mitigate such risks by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions. In addition, the potential risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored. Management does not expect material losses as a result of defaults by counterparties. 
  The fair values of our derivative instruments and the line items on the Consolidated Balance Sheets to which they were recorded are summarized as follows (in millions): 

93 

     Table of Contents  

The effects of our cash flow and net investment hedging instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI) and the Consolidated Statements of Operations are summarized as follows (in millions): 

As of   July 28, 2018  , we estimate that approximately   $1 million   of net derivative gains related to our cash flow hedges included in AOCI will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months when the underlying hedged item impacts earnings. 
  The effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges and the underlying hedged items is summarized as follows (in millions): 

The effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations of derivative instruments not designated as hedges is summarized as follows (in millions): 

The notional amounts of our outstanding derivatives are summarized as follows (in millions): 

94 

     Table of Contents  

(b) 
    Offsetting of Derivative Instruments 
     We present our derivative instruments at gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  However, our master netting and other similar arrangements with the respective counterparties allow for net settlement under certain conditions, which are designed to reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement with the same counterparty.  To further limit credit risk, we also enter into collateral security arrangements related to certain derivative instruments whereby cash is posted as collateral between the counterparties based on the fair market value of the derivative instrument. Information related to these offsetting arrangements is summarized as follows (in millions): 
                                                               
    GROSS AMOUNTS OFFSET IN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
      
    GROSS AMOUNTS NOT OFFSET IN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  BUT WITH LEGAL RIGHTS TO OFFSET 
      July 28, 2018 
    Gross Amounts Recognized 
      
    Gross Amounts Offset 
      
    Net Amounts Presented 
      
    Gross Derivative Amounts 
      
    Cash Collateral 
      
    Net Amount 
      Derivatives assets 
    $ 
    2 

$ 

$ 
    2 

$ 
    (2 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 

Derivatives liabilities 
    $ 
    74 

$ 

$ 
    74 

$ 
    (2 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (53 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    19 

GROSS AMOUNTS OFFSET IN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
      
    GROSS AMOUNTS NOT OFFSET IN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  BUT WITH LEGAL RIGHTS TO OFFSET 
      July 29, 2017 
    Gross Amounts Recognized 
      
    Gross Amounts Offset 
      
    Net Amounts Presented 
      
    Gross Derivative Amounts 
      
    Cash Collateral 
      
    Net Amount 
      Derivatives assets 
    $ 
    149 

$ 

$ 
    149 

$ 
    (4 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (81 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    64 
      
      Derivatives liabilities 
    $ 
    4 

$ 

$ 
    4 

$ 
    (4 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 

(c) 
    Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
     We conduct business globally in numerous currencies. Therefore, we are exposed to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. To limit the exposure related to foreign currency changes, we enter into foreign currency contracts. We do not enter into such contracts for speculative purposes. 
  We may hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions related to certain revenues, operating expenses and service cost of sales with currency options and forward contracts. These currency options and forward contracts, designated as cash flow hedges, generally have maturities of less than   24 months  . We assess effectiveness based on changes in total fair value of the derivatives. The effective portion of the derivative instrument s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged exposure affects earnings. The ineffective portion, if any, of the gain or loss is reported in earnings immediately. During the fiscal years presented, we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges for which it was probable that a forecasted transaction would not occur. 
  We enter into foreign exchange forward and option contracts to reduce the short-term effects of foreign currency fluctuations on assets and liabilities such as foreign currency receivables, including long-term customer financings, investments, and payables. These derivatives are not designated as hedging instruments. Gains and losses on the contracts are included in other income (loss), net, and substantially offset foreign exchange gains and losses from the remeasurement of intercompany balances or other current assets, investments, or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the reporting entity. 
  We hedge certain net investments in our foreign operations with forward contracts to reduce the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on our net investment in those foreign subsidiaries. These derivative instruments generally have maturities of up to   six months  . 
           (d) 
    Interest Rate Risk 
     Interest Rate Derivatives, Investments     Our primary objective for holding fixed income securities is to achieve an appropriate investment return consistent with preserving principal and managing risk. To realize these objectives, we may utilize interest rate swaps or other derivatives designated as fair value or cash flow hedges. As of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , we did not have any outstanding interest rate derivatives related to our fixed income securities. 
  
   95 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Rate Derivatives Designated as Fair Value Hedges, Long-Term Debt       In fiscal 2018, we did not enter into any interest rate swaps. In prior fiscal years, we entered into interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges related to fixed-rate senior notes that are due in fiscal 2019     through 2025. Under these interest rate swaps, we receive fixed-rate interest payments and make interest payments based on LIBOR plus a fixed number of basis points.   The effect of such swaps is to convert the fixed interest rates of the senior fixed-rate notes to floating interest rates based on LIBOR. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are included in interest expense and substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in market interest rates. The fair value of the interest rate swaps were reflected in other assets and other current and long-term liabilities.  
           (e) 
    Equity Price Risk  
     We may hold equity securities for strategic purposes or to diversify our overall investment portfolio. The publicly traded equity securities in our portfolio are subject to price risk. To manage our exposure to changes in the fair value of certain equity securities, we have periodically entered into equity derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges. The changes in the value of the hedging instruments are included in other income (loss), net, and offset the change in the fair value of the underlying hedged investment. In addition, we periodically enter into equity derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges. The changes in the fair value of these derivatives are also included in other income (loss), net.  
  We are also exposed to variability in compensation charges related to certain deferred compensation obligations to employees. Although not designated as accounting hedges, we utilize derivatives such as total return swaps to economically hedge this exposure.  
           (f) 
    Hedge Effectiveness  
     For the fiscal years presented, amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness were not material for fair value, cash flow, and net investment hedges. In addition, hedge ineffectiveness for fair value, cash flow, and net investment hedges was not material for any of the fiscal years presented.    

12. 
    Commitments and Contingencies  
              (a) 
    Operating Leases 
     We lease office space in many U.S. locations. Outside the United States, larger leased sites include sites in   Belgium, Canada, China, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, Mexico, Poland, and the United Kingdom  .  We also lease equipment and vehicles. Future minimum lease payments under all noncancelable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year as of   July 28, 2018   are as follows (in millions): 

Rent expense for office space and equipment totaled   $442 million  ,   $403 million  , and   $385 million   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. 
           (b) 
    Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers  
     We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or establish the parameters defining our requirements. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements consists of firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. Certain of these purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers relate to arrangements to secure long-term pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed.  
  
   96 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers (in millions): 

We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory.  As of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , the liability for these purchase commitments was   $159 million   and   $162 million  , respectively, and was included in other current liabilities. 
           (c) 
    Other Commitments 
     In connection with our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the achievement of certain agreed-upon technology, development, product, or other milestones or upon the continued employment with Cisco of certain employees of the acquired entities.  
  The following table summarizes the compensation expense related to acquisitions (in millions): 

As of   July 28, 2018  , we estimated that future cash compensation expense of up to   $352 million   may be required to be recognized pursuant to the applicable business combination agreements.  
  In fiscal 2012, we made an investment in Insieme, an early stage company focused on research and development in the data center market. This investment included   $100 million   of funding and a license to certain of our technology. During fiscal 2014, we acquired the remaining interests in Insieme, at which time the former noncontrolling interest holders became eligible to receive up to two milestone payments, which were determined using agreed-upon formulas based primarily on revenue for certain of Insieme s products. The former noncontrolling interest holders earned the maximum amount related to these two milestone payments and were paid approximately   $441 million   during   fiscal 2017  . We recorded compensation expense of   $47 million   and   $160 million   during   fiscal 2017   and   fiscal 2016  , respectively, related to these milestone payments.  
  We also have certain funding commitments, primarily related to our investments in privately held companies and venture funds, some of which are based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones, and some of which are required to be funded on demand. The funding commitments were   $223 million   and   $216 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively. 
           (d) 
    Product Warranties 
     The following table summarizes the activity related to the product warranty liability (in millions): 

We accrue for warranty costs as part of our cost of sales based on associated material product costs, labor costs for technical support staff, and associated overhead. Our products are generally covered by a warranty for periods ranging from   90 days   to   five years  , and for some products we provide a limited lifetime warranty. 
           (e) 
    Financing and Other Guarantees 
     In the ordinary course of business, we provide financing guarantees for various third-party financing arrangements extended to channel partners and end-user customers. Payments under these financing guarantee arrangements were not material for the periods presented. 
  
   97 

     Table of Contents  

Channel Partner Financing Guarantees     We facilitate arrangements for third-party financing extended to channel partners, consisting of revolving short-term financing, generally with payment terms ranging from   60   to   90 days  . These financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and, in some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. The volume of channel partner financing was   $28.2 billion  ,   $27.0 billion  , and   $26.9 billion   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. The balance of the channel partner financing subject to guarantees was   $953 million   and   $1.0 billion   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively. 
  End-User Financing Guarantees     We also provide financing guarantees for third-party financing arrangements extended to end-user customers related to leases and loans, which typically have terms of up to   three years  . The volume of financing provided by third parties for leases and loans as to which we had provided guarantees was   $35 million  ,   $51 million  , and   $63 million   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. 
  Financing Guarantee Summary     The aggregate amounts of financing guarantees outstanding at   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , representing the total maximum potential future payments under financing arrangements with third parties along with the related deferred revenue, are summarized in the following table (in millions): 

Other Guarantees     Our other guarantee arrangements as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   that were subject to recognition and disclosure requirements were not material. 
           (f) 
    Supplier Component Remediation Liability 
     In fiscal 2014, we recorded a charge to product cost of sales of   $655 million   resulting from failures related to products containing memory components manufactured by a single supplier between 2005 and 2010. We perform regular assessments of the sufficiency of this liability and reduced the amount by   $164 million   and   $74 million   in fiscal 2015 and   fiscal 2016  , respectively, based on updated analyses. We further reduced the liability by   $141 million   and   $58 million   in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018, respectively, to reflect lower than expected defects, actual usage history, and estimated lower future remediation costs as more of the impacted products age and near the end of the support period covered by the remediation program.  
  During the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we recorded a charge to product cost of sales of   $125 million   related to the expected remediation costs for anticipated failures in future periods of a widely-used component sourced from a third party which is included in several of our products.  
  The liabilities related to the supplier component remediation matters were   $44 million   and   $174 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively. 
           (g) 
    Indemnifications  
     In the normal course of business, we indemnify other parties, including customers, lessors, and parties to other transactions with us, with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to hold such parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants or out of intellectual property infringement or other claims made against certain parties. These agreements may limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim.  
  We have been asked to indemnify certain of our service provider customers that have been subject to patent infringement claims asserted by Sprint Communications Company, L.P. in federal court in Kansas and Delaware. Sprint alleges that the service provider customers infringed Sprint s patents by offering VoIP telephone services utilizing products provided by us generally in combination with those of other manufacturers. Sprint seeks monetary damages. Following a trial on   March 3, 2017   against Time Warner Inc., a jury in Kansas found that Time Warner Cable willfully infringed   five   Sprint patents and awarded Sprint   $139.8 million   in damages. On   March 14, 2017  , the Kansas court declined Sprint's request for enhanced damages and entered judgment in favor of Sprint for   $139.8 million   plus   1.06%   in post-judgment interest. On   May 30, 2017  , the Court awarded Sprint   $20.3 million   in pre-judgment  
  
   98 

     Table of Contents  

interest and denied Time Warner Cable's post-trial motions. Time Warner Cable has appealed. On   October 16, 2017  , Sprint and Comcast Cable Communications, LLC reached resolution of the claims in Sprint's lawsuit against Comcast and, on   October 19, 2017  , the Kansas court dismissed Sprint's lawsuit. On   December 6, 2017  , Sprint and Cox Communications, Inc. reached resolution of the claims in Sprint's lawsuit against Cox, and the Delaware court dismissed Sprint's lawsuit against Cox on   December 7, 2017  .  
  We believe that Time Warner Cable continues to have strong non-infringement and invalidity defenses and arguments and/or that Sprint's damages claims are inconsistent with prevailing law at trial and/or on appeal. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the litigation process, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of the Time Warner Cable litigation at this time. Should Sprint prevail in litigation, mediation, or settlement, we, in accordance with our agreements, may have an obligation to indemnify Time Warner Cable for damages, mediation awards, or settlement amounts arising from its use of our products.  
  On   January 15, 2016  , Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. ( Huawei ) filed   four   patent infringement actions against T-Mobile US, Inc. and T-Mobile USA, Inc. (collectively,  T-Mobile ) in federal court in the Eastern District of Texas. Huawei alleged that T-Mobile s use of 3GPP standards to implement its 3G and 4G cellular networks infringed   12   patents. Huawei's infringement allegations for some of the patents were based on T-Mobile's use of products provided by us in combination with those of other manufacturers. T-Mobile requested indemnity by Cisco with respect to portions of the network that use our equipment. On December 22, 2017, the Eastern District of Texas court dismissed Huawei's four lawsuits after the parties reached settlement, and T-Mobile's indemnity request was subsequently resolved. 
  During fiscal 2018, we recorded legal and indemnification settlement charges of   $127 million   to product cost of sales in relation to these matters. At this time, we do not anticipate that our obligations regarding the final outcome of the above matters would be material. 
  In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents.  
  It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to our limited history with prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Historically, payments made by us under these agreements have not had a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. 
           (h) 
    Legal Proceedings  
     Brazil        Brazilian authorities have investigated our Brazilian subsidiary and certain     of our former employees, as well as a Brazilian importer of our products, and its affiliates and employees, relating to alleged evasion of import taxes and alleged improper transactions involving the subsidiary and the importer. Brazilian tax authorities have assessed claims against our Brazilian subsidiary based on a theory of joint liability with the Brazilian importer for import taxes, interest, and penalties. In addition to claims asserted by the Brazilian federal tax authorities in prior fiscal years, tax authorities from the Brazilian state of Sao Paulo have asserted similar claims on the same legal basis in prior fiscal years.  
  The asserted claims by Brazilian federal tax authorities that remain are for calendar years 2003 through 2007, and the asserted claims by the tax authorities from the state of Sao Paulo are for calendar years 2005 through 2007. The total asserted claims by Brazilian state and federal tax authorities aggregate to   $218 million   for the alleged evasion of import and other taxes,   $1.4 billion   for interest, and   $1.0 billion   for various penalties, all determined using an exchange rate as of   July 28, 2018  . We have completed a thorough review of the matters and believe the asserted claims against our Brazilian subsidiary are without merit, and we are defending the claims vigorously. While we believe there is no legal basis for the alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserting joint liability with the importer, we are unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our Brazilian subsidiary and are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect a final judicial determination for several years.  
  SRI International         On   September 4, 2013  , SRI International, Inc. ( SRI ) asserted patent infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, accusing our products and services in the area of network intrusion detection of infringing   two   U.S. patents. SRI sought monetary damages of at least a reasonable royalty and enhanced damages. The trial on these claims began on   May 2, 2016   and, on   May 12, 2016  , the jury returned a verdict finding willful infringement of the asserted patents. The jury awarded SRI damages of   $23.7 million  . On   May 25, 2017  , the Court awarded SRI enhanced damages and attorneys  fees, entered judgment in the new amount of   $57.0 million  , and ordered an ongoing royalty of   3.5%   through the expiration of the patents in 2018. We have appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on various grounds. We believe we have strong arguments to overturn the jury verdict and/or reduce the damages award. While the ultimate outcome of the case may still result in a loss, we do not expect it to be material. 
  SSL       SSL Services, LLC ( SSL ) has asserted claims for patent infringement against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. The proceeding was instituted on   March 25, 2015  . SSL alleges that our AnyConnect products that include Virtual Private Networking functions infringed a U.S. patent owned by SSL. SSL seeks money damages from us. On   August 18, 2015  ,  
  
   99 

     Table of Contents  

we petitioned the Patent Trial and Appeal Board ( PTAB ) of the United States Patent and Trademark Office to review whether the patent SSL has asserted against us is valid over prior art.  On   February 23, 2016  , a PTAB multi-judge panel found a reasonable likelihood that we would prevail in showing that SSL s patent claims are unpatentable and instituted proceedings. On   June 28, 2016  , in light of the PTAB's decision to review the patent's validity, the district court issued an order staying the district court case pending the final written decision from the PTAB. On   February 22, 2017  , following a hearing, the PTAB issued its Final Written Decision that the patent's claims are unpatentable. SSL appealed this decision to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and, on   May 7, 2018  , the Federal Circuit summarily affirmed the PTAB's decision of unpatentability.   
  Straight Path       On   September 24, 2014  , Straight Path IP Group, Inc. ( Straight Path ) asserted patent infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, accusing our 9971 IP Phone, Unified Communications Manager working in conjunction with 9971 IP Phones, and Video Communication Server products of infringement. All of the asserted patents have expired and Straight Path was therefore limited to seeking monetary damages for the alleged past infringement. On   November 13, 2017  , the Court granted our motion for summary judgment of non-infringement, thereby dismissing Straight Path's claims against us and cancelling a trial which had been set for   March 12, 2018  . On   January 16, 2018  , Straight Path appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeal for the Federal Circuit. 
  DXC Technology       On   August 21, 2015  , Cisco and Cisco Systems Capital Corporation ( Cisco Capital ) filed an action in Santa Clara County Superior Court for declaratory judgment and breach of contract against HP Inc. ( HP ) regarding a services agreement for management services of a third party s network. HP had prepaid the service agreement through a financing arrangement with Cisco Capital, and had terminated its agreement with us. Pursuant to the terms of the service agreement with HP, we determined the credit HP was entitled to receive under the agreement for certain prepaid amounts. HP disputed our credit calculation and contended that we owe a larger credit to HP than we had calculated. In December 2015, we filed an amended complaint which dropped the breach of contract claim in light of HP s continuing payments to Cisco Capital under the financing arrangement. On   January 19, 2016  , HP Inc. filed a counterclaim for breach of contract simultaneously with its answer to the amended complaint. DXC Technology Corporation ( DXC ) reported that it is the party in interest in this matter pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement between the then Hewlett-Packard Co. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company ( HPE") and the subsequent Separation and Distribution Agreement between HPE and DXC. On   January 8, 2018  , the court continued the trial date from   March 12, 2018   to   June 11, 2018  . The parties entered into a settlement agreement effective   June 30, 2018  , resolving all of the claims and cross-claims in the case, and on   August 1, 2018  , the Court dismissed all claims and cross-claims with prejudice. The settlement did not have a material impact on our results of operations.  
  Arista Networks, Inc.       On   February 24, 2016  , Arista Networks, Inc. ( Arista ) filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, asserting monopolization claims in violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Act and an unfair competition claim under California Bus. and Prof. Code   17200. On   October 31, 2017  , Arista filed an amended complaint for Sherman Act monopolization and   17200 claims, alleging an anticompetitive scheme comprising our copyright infringement action against Arista (which was based on Arista s copying of our copyright-protected user interfaces) and communications related to that litigation. Arista sought injunctive relief, lost profits, enhanced damages, and restitution. A jury trial was scheduled for   August 6, 2018  . On   August 6, 2018  , Cisco and Arista entered into a binding term sheet resolving, except as described below, all of the outstanding litigation between the companies. The terms are as follows: (i) Arista shall pay   $400 million   to Cisco; (ii) Cisco will not assert against Arista patents that were included in the litigation as long as Arista continues to implement workarounds it had put in place to certain of those patents; (iii) for   three years   (subject to earlier termination in some circumstances), any claim against the other party regarding patent infringement for its new products, or new features of existing products, will be resolved by an arbitration process; the process will not apply to claims of copyright infringement, trade secret misappropriation or certain other claims; (iv) for   five years  , neither party will bring an action against the other for patent or copyright (except for any claims of source code misappropriation) infringement regarding their respective products on the market before   August 6, 2018  ; and (v) certain limited changes shall be implemented by Arista to its user interfaces for operation of its products, and the parties will continue to undertake the appeal of the ruling in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California regarding copyright infringement, with further limited changes if the case is remanded or reversed. The parties also agreed that for   five years   neither party would bring an action against the other's contract manufacturers, partners or customers for patent or copyright (excluding claims of source code misappropriation) infringement regarding the other party's products on the market before   August 6, 2018  . We received payment from Arista of   $400 million   on   August 20, 2018  , which will be reflected in Cisco's first quarter fiscal 2019 results. 
  Oyster Optics       On   November 24, 2016  , Oyster Optics, LLC ( Oyster ) asserted patent infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. Oyster alleges that certain Cisco ONS 15454 and NCS 2000 line cards infringe U.S. Patent No. 7,620,327 ( the  327 Patent ). Oyster seeks monetary damages. Oyster filed infringement claims based on the  327 Patent against other defendants, including ZTE, Nokia, NEC, Infinera, Huawei, Ciena, Alcatel-Lucent, and Fujitsu, and the court consolidated the cases alleging infringement of the  327 Patent. During the course of the case, defendants ZTE, Nokia, NEC, Fujitsu, Infinera and Huawei reached settlements with Oyster. On   August 9, 2018  , the court reset the trial for   November 5, 2018  . While we believe that we have strong non-infringement arguments and that the patent is invalid, if we do not prevail in the District  
  
   100 

     Table of Contents  

Court, we believe damages ultimately assessed would not be material. Due to uncertainty surrounding patent litigation processes, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of this litigation at this time. However, we do not anticipate that any final outcome of the dispute would be material.  
  In addition, we are subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property litigation. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  
  For additional information regarding intellectual property litigation, see  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors-We may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.          

13. 
    Shareholders  Equity  
              (a)   
    Cash Dividends on Shares of Common Stock  
     We declared and paid cash dividends of   $1.24  ,   $1.10   and   $0.94   per common share, or   $6.0 billion  ,   $5.5 billion   and   $4.8 billion  , on our outstanding common stock during   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively.  
  Any future dividends will be subject to the approval of our Board of Directors.  
           (b) 
    Stock Repurchase Program 
     In September 2001, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program.  On   February 14, 2018  , our Board of Directors authorized a   $25 billion   increase to the stock repurchase program.  As of   July 28, 2018  , the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program, including the additional authorization, is approximately   $19.0 billion  , with no termination date.  
  A summary of the stock repurchase activity under the stock repurchase program, reported based on the trade date, is as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts): 

There were   $180 million  ,   $66 million   and   $45 million   in stock repurchases pending settlement as of   July 28, 2018  ,   July 29, 2017   and   July 30, 2016  , respectively. 
  The purchase price for the shares of our stock repurchased is reflected as a reduction to shareholders  equity. We are required to allocate the purchase price of the repurchased shares as (i) a reduction to retained earnings and (ii) a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital. 
           (c) 
    Restricted Stock Unit Withholdings 
     We repurchased approximately   20 million  ,   20 million   and   21 million   shares, or   $703 million  ,   $619 million   and   $557 million   of common stock in settlement of employee tax withholding obligations due upon the vesting of restricted stock or stock units during   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively.  
           (d) 
    Preferred Stock 
     Under the terms of our Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may determine the rights, preferences, and terms of our authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. 

101 

Table of Contents  

14. 
    Employee Benefit Plans   
              (a) 
    Employee Stock Incentive Plans 
     Stock Incentive Plan Program Description      As of   July 28, 2018  , we had   one   stock incentive plan: the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2005 Plan ). In addition, we have, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, assumed the share-based awards granted under stock incentive plans of the acquired companies or issued share-based awards in replacement thereof. Share-based awards are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions to us and provide incentives for them to remain with Cisco. The number and frequency of share-based awards are based on competitive practices, operating results of Cisco, government regulations, and other factors. Our primary stock incentive plan is summarized as follows:  
  2005 Plan        As of   July 28, 2018  , the maximum number of shares issuable under the 2005 Plan over its term was   694 million   shares, plus shares from certain previous plans that are forfeited or are terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled. If any awards granted under the 2005 Plan are forfeited or are terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled, the unexercised or unsettled shares underlying the awards will again be available under the 2005 Plan. In addition, starting November 19, 2013, shares withheld by Cisco from an award other than a stock option or stock appreciation right to satisfy withholding tax liabilities resulting from such award will again be available for issuance, based on the fungible share ratio in effect on the date of grant. 
  Pursuant to an amendment approved by our shareholders on November 12, 2009, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2005 Plan is reduced by   1.5   shares for each share awarded as a stock grant or a stock unit, and any shares underlying awards outstanding from certain previous plans that expire unexercised at the end of their maximum terms become available for reissuance under the 2005 Plan. The 2005 Plan permits the granting of stock options, restricted stock, and RSUs, the vesting of which may be performance-based or market-based along with the requisite service requirement, and stock appreciation rights to employees (including employee directors and officers), consultants of Cisco and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and non-employee directors of Cisco. Stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the 2005 Plan have an exercise price of at least   100%   of the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date. The expiration date for stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be no later than   10 years   from the grant date. 
  The stock options will generally become exercisable for   20%   or   25%   of the option shares   one year   from the date of grant and then ratably over the following   48 months   or   36 months  , respectively. Time-based stock grants and time-based RSUs will generally vest over a   four   year term.  The majority of the performance-based and market-based RSUs vests at the end of the   three  -year requisite service period or earlier if the award recipient meets certain retirement eligibility conditions. Certain performance-based RSUs that are based on the achievement of financial and/or non-financial operating goals typically vest upon the achievement of milestones (and may require subsequent service periods), with overall vesting of the shares underlying the award ranging from   six   months to   three   years.  The Compensation and Management Development Committee of our Board of Directors has the discretion to use different vesting schedules. Stock appreciation rights may be awarded in combination with stock options or stock grants, and such awards shall provide that the stock appreciation rights will not be exercisable unless the related stock options or stock grants are forfeited. Stock grants may be awarded in combination with non-statutory stock options, and such awards may provide that the stock grants will be forfeited in the event that the related non-statutory stock options are exercised.  
           (b) 
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
     We have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which includes its subplan named the International Employee Stock Purchase Plan (together, the  Purchase Plan ), under which     621 million   shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance as of   July 28, 2018  . Eligible employees are offered shares through a   24-month offering period, which consists of four consecutive 6-month purchase periods. Employees may purchase a limited number of shares of our stock at a discount of up to 15% of the lesser of the market value at the beginning of the offering period or the end of each 6-month purchase period.   The Purchase Plan is scheduled to terminate on   January 3, 2020  . We issued   22 million  ,   23 million  , and   25 million   shares under the Purchase Plan in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. As of   July 28, 2018  ,   78 million   shares were available for issuance under the Purchase Plan. 
  
   102 

     Table of Contents  

(c) 
    Summary of Share-Based Compensation Expense 
     Share-based compensation expense consists primarily of expenses for stock options, stock purchase rights, restricted stock, and RSUs granted to employees. The following table summarizes share-based compensation expense (in millions): 

As of   July 28, 2018  , the total compensation cost related to unvested share-based awards not yet recognized was   $3.1 billion  , which is expected to be recognized over approximately   2.5 years   on a weighted-average basis.  
    
           (d) 
    Share-Based Awards Available for Grant 
     A summary of share-based awards available for grant is as follows (in millions):   

  For each share awarded as restricted stock or a restricted stock unit award under the 2005 Plan,   1.5   shares was deducted from the available share-based award balance. For restricted stock units that were awarded with vesting contingent upon the achievement of future financial performance or market-based metrics, the maximum awards that can be achieved upon full vesting of such awards were reflected in the preceding table.  
  
   103 

     Table of Contents  

(e) 
    Restricted Stock and Stock Unit Awards 
     A summary of the restricted stock and stock unit activity, which includes time-based and performance-based or market-based RSUs, is as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts):   

           (f) 
    Stock Option Awards 
     A summary of the stock option activity is as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts):   

  The total pretax intrinsic value of stock options exercised during   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016   was   $257 million  ,   $283 million  , and   $266 million  , respectively.  
  
   104 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes significant ranges of outstanding and exercisable stock options as of   July 28, 2018   (in millions, except years and share prices):                                                                 
      
    STOCK OPTIONS OUTSTANDING 
      
    STOCK OPTIONS EXERCISABLE 
      Range of Exercise Prices 
      
    Number 
  Outstanding 
      
    Weighted- 
  Average 
  Remaining 
  Contractual 
  Life 
  (in Years) 
      
    Weighted- 
  Average 
  Exercise 
  Price per 
  Share 
      
    Aggregate 
  Intrinsic 
  Value 
      
    Number 
  Exercisable 
      
    Weighted- 
  Average 
  Exercise 
  Price per 
  Share 
      
    Aggregate 
  Intrinsic 
  Value 
      $    0.01   35.00 
      
    6 

5.9 
      
    $ 
    7.18 

$ 
    228 

4 

$ 
    6.84 

$ 
    153 

The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pretax intrinsic value, based on Cisco's closing stock price of   $42.57   as of July 27, 2018.  The total number of in-the-money stock options exercisable as of   July 28, 2018   was   4 million  . As of   July 29, 2017  ,   6 million   outstanding stock options were exercisable, and the weighted-average exercise price was   $5.61  . 
           (g) 
    Valuation of Employee Share-Based Awards 
     Time-based restricted stock units and PRSUs that are based on our financial performance metrics or non-financial operating goals are valued using the market value of our common stock on the date of grant, discounted for the present value of expected dividends. On the date of grant, we estimated the fair value of the total shareholder return (TSR) component of the PRSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The assumptions for the valuation of time-based RSUs and PRSUs are summarized as follows: 

The PRSUs granted during the fiscal years presented are contingent on the achievement of our financial performance metrics, our comparative market-based returns, or the achievement of financial and non-financial operating goals.  For the awards based on financial performance metrics or comparative market-based returns, generally   50%   of the PRSUs are earned based on the average of annual operating cash flow and earnings per share goals established at the beginning of each fiscal year over a   three  -year performance period. Generally, the remaining   50%   of the PRSUs are earned based on our TSR measured against the benchmark TSR of a peer group over the same period. Each PRSU recipient could vest in   0%   to   150%   of the target shares granted contingent on the achievement of our financial performance metrics or our comparative market-based returns, and   0%   to   100%   of the target shares granted contingent on the achievement of non-financial operating goals.   
  
   105 

     Table of Contents  

The assumptions for the valuation of employee stock purchase rights are summarized as follows: 

The valuation of employee stock purchase rights and the related assumptions are for the employee stock purchases made during the respective fiscal years.   
  We used third-party analyses to assist in developing the assumptions used in our Black-Scholes model. We are responsible for determining the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of our share-based payment awards.  
  We used the implied volatility for traded options (with contract terms corresponding to the expected life of the employee stock purchase rights) on our stock as the expected volatility assumption required in the Black-Scholes model. The implied volatility is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee stock purchase rights. The dividend yield assumption is based on the history and expectation of dividend payouts at the grant date. 
   We sponsor the Cisco Systems, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the  Plan ) to provide retirement benefits for our employees. As allowed under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Plan provides for tax-deferred salary contributions and after-tax contributions for eligible employees. The Plan allows employees to contribute up to   75%   of their annual eligible earnings to the Plan on a pretax and after-tax basis, including Roth contributions. Employee contributions are limited to a maximum annual amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Code. We match pretax and Roth employee contributions up to   100%   of the first   4.5%   of eligible earnings that are contributed by employees. Therefore, the maximum matching contribution that we may allocate to each participant s account will not exceed   $12,375   for the   2018   calendar year due to the   $275,000   annual limit on eligible earnings imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. All matching contributions vest immediately. Our matching contributions to the Plan totaled   $269 million  ,   $265 million  , and   $262 million   in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. 
  The Plan allows employees who meet the age requirements and reach the Plan contribution limits to make catch-up contributions (pretax or Roth) not to exceed the lesser of   75%   of their annual eligible earnings or the limit set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. Catch-up contributions are not eligible for matching contributions. In addition, the Plan provides for discretionary profit-sharing contributions as determined by the Board of Directors. Such contributions to the Plan are allocated among eligible participants in the proportion of their salaries to the total salaries of all participants. There were   no   discretionary profit-sharing contributions made in   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  . 
  We also sponsor other 401(k) plans as a result of acquisitions of other companies. Our contributions to these plans were not material to Cisco on either an individual or aggregate basis for any of the fiscal years presented. 
           (i) 
    Deferred Compensation Plans 
     The Cisco Systems, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the  Deferred Compensation Plan ), a nonqualified deferred compensation plan, became effective in 2007. As required by applicable law, participation in the Deferred Compensation Plan is limited to a select group of our management employees. Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, which is an unfunded and unsecured deferred compensation arrangement, a participant may elect to defer base salary, bonus, and/or commissions, pursuant to such rules as may be established by Cisco, up to the maximum percentages for each deferral election as described in the plan. We may also, at our discretion, make a matching contribution to the employee under the Deferred Compensation Plan. A matching contribution equal to   4.5%   of eligible compensation in excess of the Internal Revenue Code limit for qualified plans for calendar year   2018   that is deferred by participants under the Deferred Compensation Plan (with a   $1.5 million   cap on eligible compensation) will be made to eligible participants  accounts at the end of calendar year   2018  . The total deferred compensation liability under the Deferred Compensation Plan, together with deferred compensation plans assumed from acquired companies, was approximately   $651 million     and   $622 million   as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017  , respectively, and was recorded primarily in other long-term liabilities.  
  
   106 

Table of Contents  

15. 
    Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
     The components of AOCI, net of tax, and the other comprehensive income (loss), excluding noncontrolling interest, are summarized as follows (in millions): 

The net gains (losses) reclassified out of AOCI into the Consolidated Statements of Operations, with line item location, during each period were as follows (in millions): 

107 

Table of Contents  

(a) 
    Provision for Income Taxes 
     The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions): 

Income before provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions): 

The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate and the provision for income taxes consist of the following: 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was enacted. The Tax Act significantly revises the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering the statutory corporate income tax rate ( federal tax rate ) from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, implementing a modified territorial tax system, and imposing a mandatory one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. As a fiscal-year taxpayer, certain provisions of the Tax Act impact Cisco in fiscal 2018, including the change in the federal tax rate and the one-time transition tax, while other provisions will be effective at the beginning of fiscal 2019, including the implementation of a modified territorial tax system and other changes to how foreign earnings are subject to U.S. tax, and elimination of the domestic manufacturing deduction.  
  As a result of the decrease in the federal tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, we have computed our income tax expense for the July 28, 2018 fiscal year using a blended federal tax rate of   27%  . The 21% federal tax rate will apply to our fiscal  
  
   108 

     Table of Contents  

year ending July 27, 2019 and each year thereafter. We must remeasure our deferred tax assets and liabilities ("DTA") using the federal tax rate that will apply when the related temporary differences are expected to reverse. 
  As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately   $76 billion   in undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries. These undistributed earnings were subject to the U.S. mandatory one-time transition tax and are eligible to be repatriated to the U.S. without additional U.S. tax under the Tax Act. We have historically asserted our intention to indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries. We have reevaluated our historic assertion as a result of enactment of the Tax Act and no longer consider these earnings to be indefinitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries. As a result of this change in assertion, we recorded a   $1.2 billion   tax expense for foreign withholding tax in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2018, we repatriated   $70 billion   of foreign subsidiary earnings to the U.S. (in the form of cash, cash equivalents, or investments), and paid foreign withholding tax of   $1.2 billion  .  
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we recorded adjustments to the provisional amounts originally recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 related to the U.S transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries and re-measurement of net DTA. These adjustments include an   $863 million   benefit to the U.S. transition tax provisional amount related to the U.S taxation of deemed foreign dividends in the transition fiscal year. This benefit may be reduced or eliminated in future legislation. If such legislation is enacted, we will record the impact of the legislation in the quarter of enactment. 
  During   fiscal 2018  , we recorded a provisional tax expense of   $10.4 billion   related to the Tax Act, comprised of   $8.1 billion   of U.S. transition tax,   $1.2 billion   of foreign withholding tax (discussed above), and   $1.1 billion   re-measurement of net DTA. We plan to pay the transition tax in installments over eight years in accordance with the Tax Act. The   $1.2 billion   foreign withholding tax was paid in February 2018. 
  In December 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, which addresses how a company recognizes provisional estimates when a company does not have the necessary information available, prepared or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for the effect of the changes in the Tax Act. The measurement period ends when a company has obtained, prepared, and analyzed the information necessary to finalize its accounting, but cannot extend beyond one year. The final impact of the Tax Act may differ from the above provisional estimates due to changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative action to address questions that arise because of the Tax Act, by changes in accounting standard for income taxes and related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, and any updates or changes to estimates used in the provisional amounts. We have determined that the   $8.1 billion   of tax expense for the U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, the   $1.2 billion   of foreign withholding tax, and the   $1.1 billion   of tax expense for DTA re-measurement were each provisional amounts and reasonable estimates for   fiscal 2018  . Estimates used in the provisional amounts include: the anticipated reversal pattern of the gross DTAs; and earnings, cash positions, foreign taxes and withholding taxes attributable to foreign subsidiaries. 
  During fiscal 2016, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Cisco settled all outstanding items related to the audit of our federal income tax returns for the fiscal years ended July 26, 2008 through July 31, 2010. As a result of the settlement, we recognized a net benefit to the provision for income taxes of   $367 million  , which included a reduction of interest expense of   $21 million  . In addition, the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 reinstated the U.S. federal R D tax credit permanently. As a result, the tax provision in fiscal 2016 included a tax benefit of   $226 million   related to the U.S. federal R D tax credit, of which   $81 million   was attributable to fiscal 2015. 
  Foreign taxes associated with the repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries were not provided for on a cumulative total of   $77 million   of undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries as of the end of   fiscal 2018  . We intend to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in such foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, we would be subject to additional foreign taxes. The amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these earnings is approximately   $15 million  . 
  As a result of certain employment and capital investment actions, our income in certain foreign countries is subject to reduced tax rates.  A portion of these incentives expired at the end of fiscal 2015. The majority of the remaining tax incentives are reasonably expected to expire at the end of fiscal 2019.  The gross income tax benefit attributable to tax incentives was estimated to be   $0.9 billion   (  $0.19   per diluted share) in   fiscal 2018  . As of the end of fiscal 2017 and 2016, the gross income tax benefits attributable to tax incentives were estimated to be   $1.3 billion   and   $1.2 billion   (  $0.25   and   $0.23   per diluted share) for the respective years. The gross income tax benefits were partially offset by accruals of U.S. income taxes on foreign earnings.   
  
   109 

     Table of Contents  

Unrecognized Tax Benefits      
  The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits were as follows (in millions): 

As a result of the IRS tax settlement related to the federal income tax returns for the fiscal years ended July 26, 2008 through July 31, 2010, the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits in fiscal 2016 was reduced by approximately   $563 million  . We also reduced the amount of accrued interest by   $63 million  . 
  As of   July 28, 2018  ,   $1.7 billion   of the unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate if realized. During   fiscal 2018  , we recognized   $10 million   of net interest expense and reduced penalties by less than   $1 million  . During   fiscal 2017  , we recognized   $26 million   of net interest expense and a   $4 million   reduction in penalties. During   fiscal 2016  , we recognized a   $55 million   reduction in net interest expense and a   $40 million   reduction in penalties. Our total accrual for interest and penalties was   $180 million  ,   $186 million  , and   $154 million   as of the end of   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax audit for returns covering tax years through fiscal 2010. We are no longer subject to foreign or state income tax audits for returns covering tax years through fiscal 1999, and fiscal 2008, respectively. 
  We regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. We believe it is reasonably possible that certain federal, foreign, and state tax matters may be concluded in the next 12 months.  Specific positions that may be resolved include issues involving transfer pricing and various other matters. We estimate that the unrecognized tax benefits at   July 28, 2018   could be reduced by approximately   $300 million   in the next 12 months. 
           (b) 
    Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
     The following table presents the breakdown for net deferred tax assets (in millions): 

110 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities (in millions): 

As of   July 28, 2018  , our federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were   $703 million  ,   $891 million  , and   $808 million  , respectively.  A significant amount of the net operating loss carryforwards relates to acquisitions and, as a result, is limited in the amount that can be recognized in any one year. If not utilized, the federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal   2019  . We have provided a valuation allowance of   $125 million   for deferred tax assets related to foreign net operating losses that are not expected to be realized. 
  As of   July 28, 2018  , our federal, state, and foreign tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately   $47 million  ,   $1.0 billion  , and   $5 million  , respectively. The federal tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal   2019  . The majority of state and foreign tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely. We have provided a valuation allowance of   $249 million   for deferred tax assets related to state and foreign tax credits that are not expected to be realized.  

17. 
    Segment Information and Major Customers  
              (a) 
    Revenue and Gross Margin by Segment 
     We conduct business globally and are primarily managed on a geographic basis consisting of   three   segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APJC. Our management makes financial decisions and allocates resources based on the information it receives from our internal management system. Sales are attributed to a segment based on the ordering location of the customer. We do not allocate research and development, sales and marketing, or general and administrative expenses to our segments in this internal management system because management does not include the information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments. In addition, we do not allocate amortization and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include this information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments.  
  
   111 

     Table of Contents  

Summarized financial information by segment for   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , based on our internal management system and as utilized by our Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ), is as follows (in millions): 

Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. 
  Revenue in the United States was   $25.5 billion  ,   $25.0 billion  , and   $25.9 billion   for   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  , respectively.  
           (b) 
    Revenue for Groups of Similar Products and Services 
     We design, manufacture, and sell IP-based networking and other products related to the communications and IT industry and provide services associated with these products and their use. Effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we began reporting our product and service revenue in the following five categories: Infrastructure Platforms, Applications, Security, Other Products, and Services. The change better aligns our product categories with our evolving business model. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation.  
  The following table presents revenue for groups of similar products and services (in millions): 

(1)    During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we completed the sale of our SP Video CPE Business.  SP Video CPE Business revenue was   $504 million   for fiscal 2016. 
           (c) 
    Additional Segment Information 
     The majority of our assets as of   July 28, 2018   and   July 29, 2017   were attributable to our U.S. operations. In   fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016  ,   no   single customer accounted for   10%   or more of revenue. 
  Property and equipment information is based on the physical location of the assets. The following table presents property and equipment information for geographic areas (in millions): 

112 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share (in millions, except per-share amounts): 

Employee equity share options, unvested shares, and similar equity instruments granted and assumed by Cisco are treated as potential common shares outstanding in computing diluted earnings per share. Diluted shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of in-the-money options, unvested restricted stock, and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of such equity awards is calculated based on the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options and the amount of compensation cost for future service that has not yet recognized are collectively assumed to be used to repurchase shares.  
  
   113 

Table of Contents  

Supplementary Financial Data (Unaudited) 
  (in millions, except per-share amounts) 

(1)    In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we recorded adjustments to the provisional amounts related to the U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries and re-measurement of net deferred tax assets. These adjustments included an   $863 million   benefit to the U.S. transition tax provisional amount related to the U.S. taxation of deemed foreign dividends after the date of enactment in the transition fiscal year. 
   (2)    In the second quarter of fiscal 2018, we recorded a provisional tax expense of   $11.1 billion   related to the Tax Act, comprised of   $9.0 billion   of U.S. transition tax,   $1.2 billion   of foreign withholding tax, and   $0.9 billion   re-measurement of net DTA. 
   
                 Item 9. 
    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 
   
                 Item 9A. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act )) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  Management s report on our internal control over financial reporting and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting are set forth, respectively, on page 62 under the caption  Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  and on page 61 of this report. 
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter of fiscal   2018   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
   
                 Item 9B. 
    Other Information 

None. 
  
   114 

Table of Contents  

PART III 
   
                 Item 10. 
    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item relating to our directors and nominees is included under the captions  Board of Directors - Proposal No. 1  Election of Directors,   Board of Directors  Proposal No. 1  Business Experience and Qualifications of Nominees,  and  Board of Directors  Proposal No. 1 Board Meetings and Committees  Nomination and Governance Committee  in our Proxy Statement related to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  The information required by this item regarding our Audit Committee is included under the caption  Board of Directors    Proposal No. 1  Board Meetings and Committees  and  Audit Committee Matters  in our Proxy Statement related to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item relating to our executive officers is included under the caption  Executive Officers of the Registrant  in Part I of this report. 
  The information required by this item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 is included under the caption  Compensation Committee Matters   Ownership of Securities   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  in our Proxy Statement related to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer and all members of our finance department, including the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics is entitled  Special Ethics Obligations for Employees with Financial Reporting Responsibilities: Financial Officer Code of Ethics  and is posted on our website. The Internet address for our website is www.cisco.com, and this code of ethics may be found from our main webpage by clicking first on  About Cisco,  then on  All Investor Relations,  then on  Corporate Governance,  and finally on  Financial Officer Code of Ethics . 
  We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on our website, on the webpage found by clicking through to  Financial Officer Code of Ethics  as specified above. 
   
                 Item 11. 
    Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item relating to executive compensation is included under the captions  Compensation Committee Matters   Proposal No. 3   Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation,   Compensation Committee Matters  Compensation Discussion and Analysis,   Compensation Committee Matters  Compensation Committee Report,    Compensation Committee Matters  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,   Compensation Committee Matters  Fiscal 2018 Compensation Tables  Summary Compensation Table,    Grants of Plan-Based Awards   Fiscal 2018   and   CEO Pay Ratio  in our Proxy Statement related to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
                 Item 12. 
    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is included under the caption  Compensation Committee Matters  Ownership of Securities,  and the information required by this item relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included under the caption   Compensation Committee Matters  Proposal No. 2  Approval of Amendment and Restatement of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan  Equity Compensation Plan Information,  in each case in our Proxy Statement related to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
                 Item 13. 
    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this item relating to review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons is included under the caption  Audit Committee Matters  Certain Relationships and Transactions with Related Persons,  and the information required by this item relating to director independence is included under the caption  Board of Directors  Proposal No. 1  Election of Directors  Independent Directors,  in each case in our Proxy Statement related to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   115 

Table of Contents  

Item 14. 
    Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this item is included under the captions  Audit Committee Matters - Proposal No. 4   Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Principal Accountant Fees and Services  and  Audit Committee Matters   Proposal No. 4    Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in our Proxy Statement related to the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  PART IV 
   
                 Item 15. 
    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
    1.    Financial Statements 
     See the  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  on page 60 of this report. 
    
           2. 
    Financial Statement Schedule 
     See  Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  (below) within Item 15 of this report. 
    
   See the  Index to Exhibits  immediately before the signature page of this report. 

SCHEDULE II 
  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
  (in millions) 

Foreign exchange and other includes the impact of foreign exchange and certain immaterial reclassifications. 

116 

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

117 

     Table of Contents  

* 
    Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

118 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                       September 6, 2018 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 

/S/   C  HARLES   H.     R  OBBINS 

Charles H. Robbins 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
  KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Charles H. Robbins and   Kelly A. Kramer  , jointly and severally, his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
                      Signature 
    Title 
    Date 

/S/   C  HARLES   H  .   R  OBBINS 
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
    September 6, 2018 
      Charles H. Robbins 
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

/S/   K  ELLY   A  .   K  RAMER 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
    September 6, 2018 
      Kelly A. Kramer 
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

/S/   P  RAT   S.     B  HATT 
    Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and  
    September 6, 2018 
      Prat S. Bhatt 
    Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

119 

     Table of Contents  

Signature 
    Title 
    Date 

/S/   C  AROL   A.     B  ARTZ 
    Lead Independent Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Carol A. Bartz 

/S/   M.     M  ICHELE   B  URNS 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      M. Michele Burns 

/S/   M  ICHAEL   D.     C  APELLAS 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Michael D. Capellas 

/S/   M  ARK   G  ARRETT 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Mark Garrett 

/S/   J  OHN   L.     H  ENNESSY 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Dr. John L. Hennessy 

/S/   K  RISTINA   M.     J  OHNSON 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Dr. Kristina M. Johnson 

/S/   R  ODERICK   C.     M  C  G  EARY 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Roderick C. McGeary 

/S/   A  RUN   S  ARIN 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Arun Sarin 

/S/   B  RENTON   L  .   S  AUNDERS 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Brenton L. Saunders 

/S/   S  TEVEN   M.     W  EST 
    Director 
    September 6, 2018 
      Steven M. West 

120 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh101ciscosip2005q418.htm
 CISCO SYSTEMS INC. 2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (INCLUDING RELATED FORM AGREEMENTS)

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
  AS AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  EFFECTIVE AS OF DECEMBER 11, 2017 

i 

SECTION 1. 
      
    INTRODUCTION 
    1 

SECTION 2. 
      
    DEFINITIONS 
    1 

(a) 
     Affiliate  
    1 

(b) 
     Award  
    1 

(c) 
     Board  
    1 

(d) 
     Cashless Exercise  
    1 

(e) 
     Cause  
    1 

(f) 
     Change In Control  
    1 

(g) 
     Code  
    2 

(h) 
     Committee  
    2 

(i) 
     Common Stock  
    2 

(j) 
     Company  
    2 

(k) 
     Consultant  
    2 

(l) 
     Corporate Transaction  
    2 

(m) 
     Covered Employees  
    2 

(n) 
     Director  
    2 

(o) 
     Disability  
    2 

(p) 
     Employee  
    2 

(q) 
     Exchange Act  
    2 

(r) 
     Exercise Price  
    2 

(s) 
     Fair Market Value  
    2 

(t) 
     Fiscal Year  
    3 

(u) 
     Grant  
    3 

(v) 
     Incentive Stock Option  or  ISO  
    3 

(w) 
     Key Employee  
    3 

(x) 
     Non-Employee Director  
    3 

(y) 
     Nonstatutory Stock Option  or  NSO  
    3 

(z) 
     Option  
    3 

ii 

(aa) 
     Optionee  
    3 

(bb) 
     Parent  
    3 

(cc) 
     Participant  
    3 

(dd) 
     Performance Goal  
    3 

(ee) 
     Performance Period  
    3 

(ff) 
     Plan  
    3 

(gg) 
     Previous Plan Award  
    3 

(hh) 
     Re-Price  
    3 

(ii) 
     SAR Agreement  
    3 

(jj) 
     SEC  
    3 

(kk) 
     Section 16 Persons  
    3 

(ll) 
     Securities Act  
    4 

(mm) 
     Service  
    4 

(nn) 
     Share  
    4 

(oo) 
     Stock Appreciation Right  or  SAR  
    4 

(pp) 
     Stock Grant  
    4 

(qq) 
     Stock Grant Agreement  
    4 

(rr) 
     Stock Option Agreement  
    4 

(ss) 
     Stock Unit  
    4 

(tt) 
     Stock Unit Agreement  
    4 

(uu) 
     Subsidiary  
    4 

(vv) 
     10-Percent Shareholder  
    4 

SECTION 3. 
      
    ADMINISTRATION 
    4 

(a) 
    Committee Composition 
    4 

(b) 
    Authority of the Committee 
    5 

(c) 
    Indemnification 
    5 

iii 

SECTION 4. 
      
    GENERAL 
    5 

(a) 
    General Eligibility 
    5 

(b) 
    Incentive Stock Options 
    5 

(c) 
    Restrictions on Shares 
    5 

(d) 
    Beneficiaries 
    5 

(e) 
    Performance Conditions 
    5 

(f) 
    No Rights as a Shareholder 
    6 

(g) 
    Termination of Service 
    6 

(h) 
    Director Fees 
    6 

SECTION 5. 
      
    SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN AND SHARE LIMITS 
    6 

(a) 
    Basic Limitations 
    6 

(b) 
    Additional Shares 
    6 

(c) 
    Dividend Equivalents 
    7 

(d) 
    Share Limits 
    7 

SECTION 6. 
      
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS 
    7 

(a) 
    Stock Option Agreement 
    7 

(b) 
    Number of Shares 
    7 

(c) 
    Exercise Price 
    7 

(d) 
    Exercisability and Term 
    7 

(e) 
    Modifications or Assumption of Options 
    8 

(f) 
    Assignment or Transfer of Options 
    8 

SECTION 7. 
      
    PAYMENT FOR OPTION SHARES 
    8 

SECTION 8. 
      
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
    8 

(a) 
    SAR Agreement 
    8 

(b) 
    Number of Shares 
    8 

(c) 
    Exercise Price 
    8 

(d) 
    Exercisability and Term 
    8 

(e) 
    Exercise of SARs 
    9 

iv 

(f) 
    Modification or Assumption of SARs 
    9 

(g) 
    Assignment or Transfer of SARs 
    9 

SECTION 9. 
      
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STOCK GRANTS 
    9 

(a) 
    Amount and Form of Awards 
    9 

(b) 
    Stock Grant Agreement 
    9 

(c) 
    Payment for Stock Grants 
    9 

(d) 
    Vesting Conditions 
    9 

(e) 
    Assignment or Transfer of Stock Grants 
    10 

(f) 
    Voting and Dividend Rights 
    10 

(g) 
    Modification or Assumption of Stock Grants 
    10 

SECTION 10. 
      
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK UNITS 
    10 

(a) 
    Stock Unit Agreement 
    10 

(b) 
    Number of Shares 
    10 

(c) 
    Payment for Stock Units 
    10 

(d) 
    Vesting Conditions 
    10 

(e) 
    Voting and Dividend Rights 
    10 

(f) 
    Form and Time of Settlement of Stock Units 
    10 

(g) 
    Creditors  Rights 
    11 

(h) 
    Modification or Assumption of Stock Units 
    11 

(i) 
    Assignment or Transfer of Stock Units 
    11 

SECTION 11. 
      
    PROTECTION AGAINST DILUTION 
    11 

(a) 
    Adjustments 
    11 

(b) 
    Participant Rights 
    11 

(c) 
    Fractional Shares 
    11 

SECTION 12. 
      
    EFFECT OF A CORPORATE TRANSACTION 
    12 

(a) 
    Corporate Transaction 
    12 

(b) 
    Acceleration 
    12 

v 

vi 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
  AS AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  (Effective as of December 11, 2017) 

SECTION 1.     INTRODUCTION. 
  The Company s shareholders approved the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated and effective on December 11, 2017. 
  The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company and the creation of shareholder value by offering Key Employees an opportunity to share in such long-term success by acquiring a proprietary interest in the Company. 
  The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for discretionary long-term incentive Awards in the form of Options (which may constitute Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options), Stock Appreciation Rights, Stock Grants, and Stock Units. 
  The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California (except its choice-of-law provisions). 
  Capitalized terms shall have the meaning provided in Section 2 unless otherwise provided in this Plan or any related Stock Option Agreement, SAR Agreement, Stock Grant Agreement or Stock Unit Agreement. 
   
   SECTION 2.     DEFINITIONS  . 
  (a)   Affiliate  means any entity other than a Subsidiary, if the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries own not less than 50% of such entity. 
  (b)   Award  means any award of an Option, SAR, Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Plan. 
  (c)   Board  means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 
  (d)   Cashless Exercise  means, to the extent that a Stock Option Agreement so provides and as permitted by applicable law, a program approved by the Committee in which payment may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form prescribed by the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company in payment of the aggregate Exercise Price and, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s withholding obligations at the minimum statutory withholding rates, including, but not limited to, U.S. federal and state income taxes, payroll taxes, and foreign taxes, if applicable. 
  (e)   Cause  means, except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or Award agreement, a conviction of a Participant for a felony crime or the failure of a Participant to contest prosecution for a felony crime, or a Participant s misconduct, fraud or dishonesty (as such terms are defined by the Committee in its sole discretion), or any unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets, in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
  (f)   Change In Control  except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or Award agreement, means the occurrence of any of the following: 
  (i)  A change in the composition of the Board over a period of thirty-six consecutive months or less such that a majority of the Board members ceases, by reason of one or more contested elections for Board membership, to be comprised of individuals who either (A) have been Board members continuously since the beginning of such period or (B) have been elected or nominated for election as Board members during such period by at least a majority of the Board members described in clause (A) who were still in office at the time the Board approved such election or nomination; or 
  (ii)  The acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or related group of persons (other than the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company representing more than 35% of the total combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities pursuant to a tender or  
  
   1 

exchange offer made directly to the Company s shareholders which the Board does not recommend such shareholders accept. 
  (g)    Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder. 
  (h)   Committee  means a committee described in Section 3. 
  (i)   Common Stock  means the Company s common stock. 
  (j)   Company  means Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation. 
  (k)   Consultant  means an individual who performs bona fide services to the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate, other than as an Employee or Director or Non-Employee Director. 
  (l)   Corporate Transaction  except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or Award agreement, means the occurrence of any of the following shareholder approved transactions: 
  (i)  The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if more than 50% of the combined voting power of the continuing or surviving entity s securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; or 
  (ii)  The sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
  A transaction shall not constitute a Corporate Transaction if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company's incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company's securities immediately before such transactions. 
  (m)   Covered Employees  means those persons who are subject to the limitations of Code Section 162(m). 
  (n)   Director  means a member of the Board who is also an Employee. 
  (o)   Disability  means that the Key Employee is classified as disabled under a long term disability policy of the Company or, if no such policy applies, the Key Employee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
  (p)   Employee  means an individual who is a common-law employee of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. 
  (q)   Exchange Act  means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
  (r)   Exercise Price  means, in the case of an Option, the amount for which a Share may be purchased upon exercise of such Option, as specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement.   Exercise Price,  in the case of a SAR, means an amount, as specified in the applicable SAR Agreement, which is subtracted from the Fair Market Value in determining the amount payable upon exercise of such SAR. 
  (s)    Fair Market Value  means the market price of a Share as determined in good faith by the Committee.  The Fair Market Value shall be determined by the following: 
  (i) If the Shares were traded over-the-counter or listed with NASDAQ on the date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be equal to the last transaction price quoted by the NASDAQ system for the date in question or (ii) if the Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange on the date in question, the Fair Market Value is the closing selling price for the Common Stock as such price is officially quoted in the composite tape of transactions on the exchange determined by the Committee to be the primary market for the Common Stock for the date in question; provided, however, that if there is no such reported price for the Common Stock for the date in question under (i) or (ii), then such price on the last preceding date for which such price exists shall be determinative of Fair Market Value. 
  If neither (i) or (ii) are applicable, then the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith on such basis as it deems appropriate. 
  
   2 

Whenever possible, the determination of Fair Market Value by the Committee shall be based on the prices reported in the Western Edition of   The Wall Street Journal  .  Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 
  (t)   Fiscal Year  means the Company s fiscal year. 
  (u)   Grant  means any grant of an Award under the Plan. 
  (v)   Incentive Stock Option  or  ISO  means an incentive stock option described in Code Section 422. 
  (w)   Key Employee  means an Employee, Director, Non-Employee Director or Consultant who has been selected by the Committee to receive an Award under the Plan. 
  (x)   Non-Employee Director  means a member of the Board who is not an Employee. 
  (y)   Nonstatutory Stock Option  or  NSO  means a stock option that is not an ISO. 
  (z)   Option  means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan entitling the Optionee to purchase Shares. 
  (aa)   Optionee  means an individual, estate or other entity that holds an Option. 
  (bb)     Parent  means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.  A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. 
  (cc)     Participant  means an individual or estate or other entity that holds an Award. 
  (dd)     Performance Goal  means an objective formula or standard determined by the Committee with respect to each Performance Period utilizing one or more of the following factors and any objectively verifiable adjustment(s) thereto permitted and pre-established by the Committee in accordance with Code Section 162(m): (i) operating income, operating cash flow and operating expense; (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (iii) earnings; (iv) cash flow; (v) market share; (vi) sales; (vii) revenue; (viii) profits before interest and taxes; (ix) expenses; (x) cost of goods sold; (xi) profit/loss or profit margin; (xii) working capital; (xiii) return on capital, equity or assets; (xiv) earnings per share; (xv) economic value added; (xvi) stock price; (xvii) price/earnings ratio; (xviii) debt or debt-to-equity; (xix) accounts receivable; (xx) writeoffs; (xxi) cash; (xxii) assets; (xxiii) liquidity; (xxiv) operations; (xxv) intellectual property (e.g., patents); (xxvi) product development; (xxvii) regulatory activity; (xxviii) manufacturing, production or inventory; (xxix) mergers and acquisitions or divestitures; (xxx) financings; (xxxi) customer satisfaction; and/or (xxxii) total shareholder return, each with respect to the Company and/or one or more of its affiliates or operating units.  Awards issued to persons who are not Covered Employees may take into account other factors (including subjective factors). 
  (ee)     Performance Period  means any period not exceeding 36 months as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion.  The Committee may establish different Performance Periods for different Participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or overlapping Performance Periods. 
  (ff)     Plan  means this Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan as amended and restated, and as it may be further amended from time to time. 
  (gg)     Previous Plan Award  means any award of an Option, SAR, Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Cisco Systems, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, the Cisco Systems, Inc. SA Acquisition Long-Term Incentive Plan or the Cisco Systems, Inc. WebEx Acquisition Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
  (hh)     Re-Price  means that the Company has (i) lowered or reduced the Exercise Price of outstanding Options and/or outstanding SARs for any Participant(s), whether through amendment, cancellation, or replacement grants, or any other means, or (ii) repurchased for cash outstanding Options and/or outstanding SARs when the Exercise Price is greater than the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares. 
  (ii)     SAR Agreement  means the agreement described in Section 8 evidencing each Award of a Stock Appreciation Right. 
  (jj)     SEC  means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  (kk)     Section 16 Persons  means those officers, directors or other persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
  
   3 

(ll)     Securities Act  means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
  (mm)     Service  means service as an Employee, Director, Non-Employee Director or Consultant.  A Participant s Service does not terminate when continued service crediting is required by applicable law.  However, for purposes of determining whether an Option is entitled to continuing ISO status, a common-law employee s Service will be treated as terminating ninety (90) days after such Employee went on leave, unless such Employee s right to return to active work is guaranteed by law or by a contract.  Service terminates in any event when the approved leave ends, unless such Employee immediately returns to active work.  The Committee determines which leaves count toward Service, and when Service terminates for all purposes under the Plan.  Further, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant s Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant provides service to the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, or a transfer between entities (the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate); provided that there is no interruption or other termination of Service. 
  (nn)     Share  means one share of Common Stock. 
  (oo)     Stock Appreciation Right  or  SAR  means a stock appreciation right awarded under the Plan. 
  (pp)     Stock Grant  means Shares awarded under the Plan. 
  (qq)     Stock Grant Agreement  means the agreement described in Section 9 evidencing each Award of a Stock Grant. 
  (rr)     Stock Option Agreement  means the agreement described in Section 6 evidencing each Award of an Option. 
  (ss)     Stock Unit  means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Share, as awarded under the Plan. 
  (tt)     Stock Unit Agreement  means the agreement described in Section 10 evidencing each Award of a Stock Unit. 
  (uu)     Subsidiary  means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.  A corporation that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. 
  (vv)     10-Percent Shareholder  means an individual who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company, its Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.  In determining stock ownership, the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall be applied. 
   
   SECTION 3.     ADMINISTRATION  . 
  (a)  Committee Composition.  The Board or a Committee appointed by the Board shall administer the Plan.  Unless the Board provides otherwise, the Company s Compensation   Management Development Committee shall be the Committee.  Members of the Committee shall serve for such period of time as the Board may determine and shall be subject to removal by the Board at any time.  The Board may also at any time terminate the functions of the Committee and reassume all powers and authority previously delegated to the Committee. 
  The Committee shall have membership composition which enables (i) Awards to Section 16 Persons to qualify as exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and (ii) Awards to Covered Employees to qualify as performance-based compensation as provided under Code Section 162(m). 
  The Board may also appoint one or more separate committees of the Board, each composed of two or more directors of the Company who need not qualify under Rule 16b-3 or Code Section 162(m), that may administer the Plan with respect to Key Employees who are not Section 16 Persons or Covered Employees, respectively, may grant Awards under the Plan to such Key Employees and may determine all terms of such Awards. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board shall constitute the Committee and shall administer the Plan with respect to Non-Employee Directors, shall grant Awards under the Plan to such Non-Employee Directors, and shall determine all terms of such Awards. 
  
   4 

(b)  Authority of the Committee.  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have full authority and sole discretion to take any actions it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.  Such actions shall include: 
  (i)  selecting Key Employees who are to receive Awards under the Plan; 
           (ii) 
    determining the type, number, vesting requirements and other features and conditions of such Awards and amending such Awards; 
              (iii) 
    correcting any defect, supplying any omission, or reconciling any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award agreement; 
              (iv) 
    accelerating the vesting, or extending the post-termination exercise term, of Awards at any time and under such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate; 
     (v)  interpreting the Plan; 
  (vi)  making all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan; and 
           (vii) 
    adopting such plans or subplans as may be deemed necessary or appropriate to provide for the participation by Key Employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates who reside outside the U.S., which plans and/or subplans shall be attached hereto as Appendices. 
     The Committee may adopt such rules or guidelines as it deems appropriate to implement the Plan.  The Committee s determinations under the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons. 
  (c)  Indemnification.  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each member of the Committee, or of the Board, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (i) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any Stock Option Agreement, SAR Agreement, Stock Grant Agreement or Stock Unit Agreement, and (ii) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company s approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf.  The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company s Articles     of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 
   
  SECTION 4.     GENERAL  . 
  (a)  General Eligibility.  Only Employees, Directors, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants shall be eligible for designation as Key Employees by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
  (b)  Incentive Stock Options.  Only Key Employees who are common-law employees of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs.  In addition, a Key Employee who is a 10-Percent Shareholder shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the requirements set forth in Section 422(c)(5) of the Code are satisfied. 
  (c)  Restrictions on Shares.  Any Shares issued pursuant to an Award shall be subject to such rights of repurchase, rights of first refusal and other transfer restrictions as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion.  Such restrictions shall apply in addition to any restrictions that may apply to holders of Shares generally and shall also comply to the extent necessary with applicable law.  In no event shall the Company be required to issue fractional Shares under this Plan. 
  (d)  Beneficiaries.  Unless stated otherwise in an Award agreement, a Participant may designate one or more beneficiaries with respect to an Award by timely filing the prescribed form with the Company.  A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Participant s death.  If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, then after a Participant s death any vested Award(s) shall be transferred or distributed to the Participant s estate. 
  (e)  Performance Conditions.  The Committee may, in its discretion, include performance conditions in an Award or grant an Award upon the satisfaction of performance conditions.  If performance conditions are included in Awards to Covered Employees, then such Awards may be subject to the achievement of Performance Goals established by the Committee.  Such Performance Goals shall be established and administered pursuant to  
  
   5 

the requirements of Code Section 162(m).  Before any Shares underlying an Award or any Award payments subject to Performance Goals are released to a Covered Employee with respect to a Performance Period, the Committee shall certify in writing that the Performance Goals for such Performance Period have been satisfied.  Awards with performance conditions that are granted to Key Employees who are not Covered Employees need not comply with the requirements of Code Section 162(m). 
  (f)  No Rights as a Shareholder.  A Participant, or a transferee of a Participant, shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any Common Stock covered by an Award until such person has satisfied all of the terms and conditions to receive such Common Stock, has satisfied any applicable withholding or tax obligations relating to the Award and the Shares have been issued (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). 
  (g)  Termination of Service.  Unless the applicable Award agreement or, with respect to Participants who reside in the U.S., the applicable employment agreement provides otherwise, the following rules shall govern the vesting, exercisability and term of outstanding Awards held by a Participant in the event of termination of such Participant s Service (in all cases subject to the expiration term of the Option or SAR as applicable): (i) upon termination of Service for any reason, all unvested portions of any outstanding Awards shall be immediately forfeited without consideration and the vested portions of any outstanding Stock Units shall be settled upon termination; (ii) if the Service of a Participant is terminated for Cause, then all unexercised Options and SARs, unvested portions of Stock Units and unvested portions of Stock Grants shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration; (iii) if the Service of a Participant is terminated for any reason other than for Cause, death, or Disability, then the vested portion of his or her then-outstanding Options and/or SARs may be exercised by such Participant or his or her personal representative within three months after the date of such termination; or (iv) if the Service of a Participant is terminated due to death or Disability, the vested portion of his or her then-outstanding Options and/or SARs may be exercised within eighteen months after the date of termination of Service. 
  (h)  Director Fees.  Each Non-Employee Director may elect to receive a Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Plan in lieu of payment of a portion of his or her regular annual retainer based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date any regular annual retainer would otherwise be paid.  For purposes of the Plan, a Non-Employee Director s regular annual retainer shall not include any additional retainer paid in connection with service on any committee of the Board or paid for any other reason.  Such an election may be for any dollar or percentage amount equal to at least 25% of the Non-Employee Director s regular annual retainer (up to a limit of 100% of the Non-Employee Director s regular annual retainer).  The election must be made prior to the beginning of the annual board of directors cycle which shall be any twelve month continuous period designated by the Board.  Any amount of the regular annual retainer not elected to be received as a Stock Grant or Stock Unit shall be payable in cash in accordance with the Company s standard payment procedures.  Shares granted under this Section 4(h) shall otherwise be subject to the terms of the Plan applicable to Non-Employee Directors or to Participants generally (other than provisions specifically applying only to Employees). 
   
   SECTION 5.     SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN AND SHARE LIMITS  . 
  (a)  Basic Limitations.  The stock issuable under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued Shares.  The aggregate number of Shares reserved for Awards under the Plan shall not exceed 694,000,000 Shares, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11.  Shares issued as Stock Grants, pursuant to Stock Units or pursuant to the settlement of dividend equivalents will count against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan as 1.5 Shares for every 1 Share issued in connection with the Award or dividend equivalent. 
  (b)  Additional Shares.  If Awards are forfeited or are terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled, then the Shares underlying such Awards, plus the number of additional Shares, if any, that counted against Shares available for issuance under the Plan in respect thereof at the time of Grant, shall again become available for Awards under the Plan.  If a Previous Plan Award is forfeited or is terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled, then the Shares underlying such Previous Plan Award shall again become available for Awards under this Plan.  SARs shall be counted in full against the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, regardless of the number of Shares issued upon settlement of the SARs.  In the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from an Award other than an Option or SAR are satisfied by the withholding of Shares by the Company, then the Shares so withheld, plus the number of additional Shares, if any, that counted against Shares available for issuance under the Plan in respect thereof at the time of Grant, shall again become available for Awards under the Plan.  In the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from an Option or SAR are satisfied by the withholding of Shares by the Company, then the Shares so withheld shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan.  In addition, Shares that are exchanged by a  
  
   6 

Participant or withheld by the Company as full or partial payment in connection with the exercise or settlement of an Option or SAR shall not be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan and Shares repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an Option exercise shall not again be made available for issuance under the Plan. 
  (c)  Dividend Equivalents.  Any dividend equivalents settled in Shares under the Plan shall be applied against the number of Shares available for Awards. 
  (d)  Share Limits. 
  (i)  Limits on Options  .  Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Options to purchase Shares during any Fiscal Year covering in excess of 5,000,000 Shares and the aggregate maximum number of Shares that may be issued in connection with ISOs shall be 694,000,000 Shares. 
  (ii)  Limits on SARs  .  Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Awards of SARs during any Fiscal Year covering in excess of 5,000,000 Shares and the aggregate maximum number of Shares that may be issued in connection with SARs shall be 694,000,000 Shares. 
  (iii)  Limits on Stock Grants and Stock Units  .  Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Stock Grants or Stock Units during any Fiscal Year covering, in the aggregate, in excess of 5,000,000 Shares. 
  (iv)  Limits on Awards to Non-Employee Directors  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the maximum value of Awards granted under the Plan during a Fiscal Year to a Non-Employee Director for services on the Board, taken together with any cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director during such Fiscal Year for services on the Board, shall not exceed $800,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards under applicable financial accounting standards), including for this purpose the value of any Awards that are received in lieu of payment of all or a portion of his or her regular annual retainer or other similar cash based payments (such as Awards received pursuant to an election under Section 4(h)). For the avoidance of doubt, neither Awards granted or compensation paid to a Non-Employee Director for services as an Employee or Consultant nor any amounts paid to a Non-Employee Director as a reimbursement of an expense shall count against the foregoing limitation. 
   
   SECTION 6.     TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS  . 
  (a)  Stock Option Agreement.  Each Grant of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company.  Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in a Stock Option Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions).  The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical.  The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify whether the Option is an ISO or an NSO. 
  (b)  Number of Shares.  Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Shares that are subject to the Option and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. 
  (c)  Exercise Price.  An Option s Exercise Price shall be established by the Committee and set forth in a Stock Option Agreement.  The Exercise Price of an Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value (110% for ISO grants to 10-Percent Shareholders) on the date of Grant. 
  (d)  Exercisability and Term.  Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the Option is to become exercisable.  The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify the term of the Option; provided that the term of an Option shall in no event exceed ten years from the date of Grant.  Unless the applicable Stock Option Agreement provides otherwise, each Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the Option upon completion of one year of Service measured from the vesting commencement date, the balance of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest and become exercisable in forty-eight equal installments upon completion of each month of Service thereafter, and the term of the Option shall be ten years from the date of Grant.  A Stock Option Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no Option can be exercised after the expiration date provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement and no Option may provide that, upon exercise of the Option, a new Option will automatically be granted. 
  
   7 

(e)  Modifications or Assumption of Options.  Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding options or may accept the cancellation of outstanding options (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Options for the same or a different number of Shares, at the same or a different Exercise Price, and with the same or different vesting provisions.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not Re-Price outstanding Options unless there is approval by the Company shareholders and, unless a modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule, such modification of an Option shall not, without the consent of the Optionee, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Option. 
  (f)  Assignment or Transfer of Options.  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no Option shall be transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement, an Option may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee or by the guardian or legal representative of the Optionee.  No Option or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Optionee during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
   
   SECTION 7.     PAYMENT FOR OPTION SHARES  . 
  The entire Exercise Price of Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be payable in cash at the time when such Shares are purchased, except as follows and if so provided for in an applicable Stock Option Agreement: 
  (i)  Surrender of Stock.  Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price or Options may be made with Shares which have already been owned by the Optionee; provided that the Committee may, in its sole discretion, require that Shares tendered for payment be previously held by the Optionee for a minimum duration.  Such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value. 
  (ii)  Cashless Exercise.  Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made through Cashless Exercise at the Committee's sole discretion. 
  (iii)  Other Forms of Payment.  Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made in any other form that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations and rules and approved by the Committee. 
  In the case of an ISO granted under the Plan, payment shall be made only pursuant to the express provisions of the applicable Stock Option Agreement.  The Stock Option Agreement may specify that payment may be made in any form(s) described in this 
  Section 7.  In the case of an NSO granted under the Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion at any time, accept payment in any form(s) described in this Section 7. 
   
   SECTION 8.     TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS  . 
  (a)  SAR Agreement.  Each Grant of a SAR under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a SAR Agreement between the Participant and the Company.  Such SAR shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in a SAR Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions).  A SAR Agreement may provide for a maximum limit on the amount of any payout notwithstanding the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the SAR.  The provisions of the various SAR Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical.  SARs may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the Participant s compensation. 
  (b)  Number of Shares.  Each SAR Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the SAR pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. 
  (c)  Exercise Price.  Each SAR Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price which shall be established by the Committee.  The Exercise Price of a SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of Grant. 
  (d)  Exercisability and Term.  Each SAR Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the SAR is to become exercisable.  The SAR Agreement shall also specify the term of the SAR which shall not exceed ten years from the date of Grant.  Unless the applicable SAR Agreement provides otherwise, each SAR shall vest and become exercisable with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the SAR upon completion of one year of Service measured from the vesting commencement date, the balance of the Shares subject to the SAR shall vest and become exercisable in forty-eight equal installments upon completion of each month of Service  
  
   8 

thereafter, and the term of the SAR shall be ten years from the date of Grant.  A SAR Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events.  SARs may be awarded in combination with Options or Stock Grants, and such an Award shall provide that the SARs will not be exercisable unless the related Options or Stock Grants are forfeited.  A SAR may be included in an ISO only at the time of Grant but may be included in an NSO at the time of Grant or at any subsequent time, but not later than six months before the expiration of such NSO.  No SAR may provide that, upon exercise of the SAR, a new SAR will automatically be granted. 
  (e)  Exercise of SARs.  If, on the date when a SAR expires, the Exercise Price under such SAR is less than the Fair Market Value on such date but any portion of such SAR has not been exercised or surrendered, then such SAR shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as of such date with respect to such portion.  Upon exercise of a SAR, the Participant (or any person having the right to exercise the SAR) shall receive from the Company (i) Shares, (ii) cash or (iii) any combination of Shares and cash, as the Committee shall determine at the time of Grant of the SAR, in its sole discretion.  The amount of cash and/or the Fair Market Value of Shares received upon exercise of SARs shall, in the aggregate, be equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value (on the date of exercise) of the Shares subject to the SARs exceeds the Exercise Price of those Shares. 
  (f)  Modification or Assumption of SARs.  Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding stock appreciation rights or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock appreciation rights (including stock appreciation rights granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new SARs for the same or a different number of Shares, at the same or a different Exercise Price, and with the same or different vesting provisions.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not Re-Price outstanding SARs unless there is approval by the Company shareholders and, unless a modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule, such modification of a SAR shall not, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such SAR. 
  (g)  Assignment or Transfer of SARs.  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no SAR shall be transferable by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement, a SAR may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or by the guardian or legal representative of the Participant.  No SAR or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Participant during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
   
   SECTION 9.     TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STOCK GRANTS  . 
  (a)  Amount and Form of Awards.  Awards under this Section 9 may be granted in the form of a Stock Grant.  Each Stock Grant Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Grant pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11.  A Stock Grant may also be awarded in combination with NSOs, and such an Award may provide that the Stock Grant will be forfeited in the event that the related NSOs are exercised. 
  (b)  Stock Grant Agreement.  Each Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Grant Agreement between the Participant and the Company.  Each Stock Grant shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in the applicable Stock Grant Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions).  The provisions of the various Stock Grant Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
  (c)  Payment for Stock Grants.  Stock Grants may be issued with or without cash consideration or any other form of legally permissible consideration approved by the Committee. 
  (d)  Vesting Conditions.  Each Stock Grant may or may not be subject to vesting.  Any such vesting provision may provide that Shares shall vest based on Service over time or shall vest, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of performance conditions specified in the Stock Grant Agreement which may include Performance Goals pursuant to Section 4(e).  Unless the applicable Stock Grant Agreement provides otherwise, each Stock Grant shall vest with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the Stock Grant upon completion of each year of Service on each of the first through fifth annual anniversaries of the vesting commencement date.  A Stock Grant Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events. 
  
   9 

(e)  Assignment or Transfer of Stock Grants.  Except as provided in the applicable Stock Grant Agreement, and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, a Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law.  Any act in violation of this Section 9(e) shall be void.  However, this Section 9(e) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested outstanding Stock Grant Awards in the event of the Participant s death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Stock Grant Awards by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
  (f)  Voting and Dividend Rights.  The holder of a Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company s other shareholders, except that in the case of any unvested Shares that are subject to the Stock Grant, the holder shall not be entitled to any dividends and other distributions paid or distributed by the Company on the equivalent number of vested Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the Committee s discretion, the holder of unvested Shares may be credited with such dividends and other distributions provided that such dividends and other distributions shall be paid or distributed to the Participant only if, when and to the extent such Shares vest. The value of dividends and other distributions payable or distributable with respect to any Shares that do not vest shall be forfeited.  For the avoidance of doubt, other than with respect to the right to receive dividends and other distributions, the holder of unvested Shares shall have the same voting rights and other rights as the Company s other shareholders. 
  (g)  Modification or Assumption of Stock Grants.  Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding stock grants or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock grants (including stock granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Stock Grants for the same or a different number of Shares and with the same or different vesting provisions.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not modify an outstanding Stock Grant such that the modification shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Stock Grant, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. 
   
   SECTION 10.     TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK UNITS  .  
  (a)  Stock Unit Agreement.  Each grant of Stock Units under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Unit Agreement between the Participant and the Company.  Such Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in the applicable Stock Unit Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions).  The provisions of the various Stock Unit Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical.  Stock Units may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the Participant s other compensation. 
  (b)  Number of Shares.  Each Stock Unit Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Unit Grant pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. 
  (c)  Payment for Stock Units.  Stock Units shall be issued without consideration. 
  (d)  Vesting Conditions.  Each Award of Stock Units may or may not be subject to vesting.  Any such vesting provision may provide that Shares shall vest based on Service over time or shall vest, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of performance conditions specified in the Stock Unit Agreement which may include Performance Goals pursuant to Section 4(e).  Unless the applicable Stock Unit Agreement provides otherwise, each Stock Unit shall vest with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the Stock Unit upon completion of each year of Service on each of the first through fifth annual anniversaries of the vesting commencement date.  A Stock Unit Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events. 
  (e)  Voting and Dividend Rights.  The holders of Stock Units shall have no voting rights.  Prior to settlement or forfeiture, any Stock Unit awarded under the Plan may, at the Committee s discretion, carry with it a right to dividend equivalents.  Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all dividends and other distributions (whether in cash or other property) paid on one Share while the Stock Unit is outstanding.  Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Stock Units.  Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Shares, or in a combination of both.  Any dividend equivalents credited with respect to Stock Units shall be settled only if, when and to the extent such Stock Units vest and are settled. The value of amounts payable with respect to Stock Units that do not vest shall be forfeited. 
  (f)  Form and Time of Settlement of Stock Units.  Settlement of vested Stock Units may be made in the form of (a) cash, (b) Shares or (c) any combination of both, as determined by the Committee at the time of the  
  
   10 

grant of the Stock Units, in its sole discretion.  Methods of converting Stock Units into cash may include (without limitation) a method based on the average Fair Market Value of Shares over a series of trading days.  Vested Stock Units may be settled in a lump sum or in installments.  The distribution may occur or commence when the vesting conditions applicable to the Stock Units have been satisfied or have lapsed, or it may be deferred, in accordance with applicable law, to any later date.  The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents.  Until an Award of Stock Units is settled, the number of such Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. 
  (g)  Creditors  Rights.  A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Stock Unit Agreement. 
  (h)  Modification or Assumption of Stock Units.  Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding stock units or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock units (including stock units granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Stock Units for the same or a different number of Shares and with the same or different vesting provisions.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not modify an outstanding Stock Unit such that the modification shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Stock Unit, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. 
  (i)  Assignment or Transfer of Stock Units.  Except as provided in the applicable Stock Unit Agreement, and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law.  Any act in violation of this Section 10(i) shall be void.  However, this Section 10(i) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary who will receive any outstanding vested Stock Units in the event of the Participant s death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Stock Units by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
   
   SECTION 11.     PROTECTION AGAINST DILUTION  . 
  (a)  Adjustments.  In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Shares, a recapitalization, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments to the following: 
  (i)  the number of Shares and the kind of shares or securities available for future Awards under Section 5; 
  (ii)  the limits on Awards specified in Section 5; 
  (iii)  the number of Shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by each outstanding Award; or 
  (iv)  the Exercise Price under each outstanding SAR or Option. 
  (b)  Participant Rights.  Except as provided in this Section 11, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issue by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class.  If by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 11 a Participant s Award covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares and the Award in respect thereof shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Award and the Shares subject to the Award prior to such adjustment. 
  (c)  Fractional Shares.  Any adjustment of Shares pursuant to this Section 11 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares.  Under no circumstances shall the Company be required to authorize or issue fractional shares and no consideration shall be provided as a result of any fractional shares not being issued or authorized.    
  
   11 

SECTION 12.     EFFECT OF A CORPORATE TRANSACTION  . 
  (a)  Corporate Transaction.  In the event that the Company is a party to a Corporate Transaction, outstanding Awards shall be subject to the applicable agreement of merger, reorganization, or sale of assets.  Such agreement may provide, without limitation, for the assumption or substitution of outstanding Options, SARs, or Stock Units by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the assumption of outstanding Stock Grant Agreements by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the replacement of outstanding Options, SARs, and Stock Units with a cash incentive program of the surviving corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested portions of such outstanding Awards at the time of the transaction and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting provisions applicable to those Awards, for accelerated vesting of outstanding Awards, or for the cancellation of outstanding Options, SARs, and Stock Units, with or without consideration, in all cases without the consent of the Participant. 
  (b)  Acceleration.  The Committee may determine, at the time of grant of an Award or thereafter, that such Award shall become fully vested as to all Shares subject to such Award in the event that a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control occurs.  Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award agreement, in the event that a Corporate Transaction occurs and any outstanding Options, SARs or Stock Units are not assumed, substituted, or replaced with a cash incentive program pursuant to Section 12(a) or any outstanding Stock Grant Agreements are not assumed pursuant to Section 12(a), then such Awards shall fully vest and be fully exercisable immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction.  Immediately following the consummation of a Corporate Transaction, all outstanding Options, SARs and Stock Units shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent that they are assumed by the surviving corporation or its parent. 
  (c)  Dissolution.  To the extent not previously exercised or settled, Options, SARs and Stock Units shall terminate immediately prior to the dissolution or liquidation of the Company. 
   
   SECTION 13.     LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS  . 
  (a)  No Entitlements.  A Participant s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with any Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the individual to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  By accepting an Award under the Plan, a Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards.  Any Award granted hereunder is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of a Participant s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a Participant s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain an employee, consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate the Service of any person at any time, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles     of Incorporation     and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and such terminated person shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (b)  Shareholders  Rights.  A Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights or other rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares covered by his or her Award prior to the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company).  No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date when such Shares are issued, except as expressly provided in Section 11. 
  (c)  Regulatory Requirements.  Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Shares or other securities under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required.  The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Shares or other securities pursuant to any Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Shares or other securities, to their registration, qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration, qualification or listing. 

12 

SECTION 14.     WITHHOLDING TAXES  . 
  (a)  General.  A Participant shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with his or her Award.  The Company shall not be required to issue any Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied. 
  (b)  Share Withholding.  If a public market for the Company s Shares exists, the Committee may permit a Participant to satisfy all or part of his or her withholding or income tax obligations by having the Company withhold all or a portion of any Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her or by surrendering or attesting to all or a portion of any Shares that he or she previously acquired.  Such Shares shall be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the Fair Market Value as of the previous day.  Any payment of taxes by assigning Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions, including, but not limited to, any restrictions required by rules of the SEC.  The Committee may, in its discretion, also permit a Participant to satisfy withholding or income tax obligations related to an Award through Cashless Exercise or through a sale of Shares underlying the Award. 
   
   SECTION 15.     DURATION AND AMENDMENTS  . 
  (a)  Term of the Plan.  To the extent the Board approves an amendment to the Plan that requires shareholder approval, the amendment to the Plan shall become effective upon its approval by Company shareholders.  The Plan shall terminate at the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and may be terminated on any earlier date pursuant to this Section 15. 
  (b)  Right to Amend or Terminate the Plan.  The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason.  The termination of the Plan, or any amendment thereof, shall not impair the rights or obligations of any Participant under any Award previously granted under the Plan without the Participant s consent, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule.  No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the Plan s termination.  An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s shareholders only to the extent such approval is otherwise required by applicable laws, regulations or rules. 

13 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  NOTICE OF GRANT OF STOCK OPTION 
  Notice is hereby given of the following option grant (the  Option ) made to purchase shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) common stock:                        Optionee: 

Grant Date: 

Type of Option: 
      
    Nonstatutory Stock Option 

Grant Number:   

Number of Option Shares: 

shares 
      Exercise Price: 
    $ 

per share 
      First Vest Date: 

Expiration Date: 

Exercise Schedule  .      So long as Optionee s Service continues, the Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to (i) ______ (__%) of the option shares, as set forth above (the  Option Shares ) on the First Vest Date as set forth above and (ii) the balance of the Option Shares in ________________ installments upon Optionee s completion of each additional _______ of Service over the _____________ period measured from the First Vest Date.  In no event shall the Option vest and become exercisable for any additional Option Shares after Optionee s cessation of Service. 
  Should Optionee request a reduction to his or her work commitment to less than thirty (30) hours per week, then the Company shall have the right to extend the period over which the Option shall thereafter vest and become exercisable for the Option Shares during the remainder of the Option term to the extent permitted under local law.  In no event shall any extension of the exercise schedule, as set forth above ( Exercise Schedule ) for the Option Shares result in the extension of the expiration date, as set forth above, ( Expiration Date ) of the Option. 
  Optionee understands and agrees that the Option is offered subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  Optionee further agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and the terms of the Option as set forth in the Stock Option Agreement (the  Agreement ) attached hereto. 
  No Employment or Service Contract  .  Nothing in this Notice or in the attached Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Optionee any right to continue in Service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Optionee) or of Optionee, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Optionee s Service at any time for any reason, with or without cause to the extent permissible under local law. 
  Definitions  .      All capitalized terms in this Notice shall have the meaning assigned to them in this Notice, the attached Agreement or the Plan. 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
  Recitals 
  A.    The Board has adopted the Plan for the purpose of retaining the services of selected Employees, non-employee members of the Board and Consultants. 
  B.    Optionee is to render valuable services to the Company (or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and this Agreement is executed pursuant to, and is intended to carry out the purposes of, the Plan in connection with the Company s grant of an option to Optionee. 
  C.    All capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to them in this Agreement, the attached Notice of Grant of Stock Option (the  Notice ), or the Plan. 
  NOW, THEREFORE  , as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and exercise of this Option and Optionee s receipt of any Option Shares or any related benefit thereunder, it is hereby agreed as follows: 
  1.      Grant of Option  .  The Company hereby grants to Optionee, and Optionee hereby accepts from the Company, as of the grant date, as set forth in the Notice, (the  Grant Date ) an option to purchase up to the number of Option Shares specified in the Notice.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) this Option, or by otherwise receiving this Option, Option Shares, or any benefit  

relating thereto, the Optionee acknowledges that this Option and any Option Shares issued hereunder and the Optionee s participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and the Optionee agrees to such terms and conditions.  The Option Shares shall be purchasable from time to time during the Option term specified in Paragraph 2 at the Exercise Price specified in the Notice  . 
  2.      Option Term  .  This Option shall have a maximum term of __________ years [not to exceed (10) years] measured from the Grant Date and shall accordingly expire at the close of business on the Expiration Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with Paragraph 4, 5 or 6. 
  3.      Non-Transferability  .     This Option shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, should the Optionee die while holding this Option, then this Option shall be transferred in accordance with Optionee s will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
  4.      Dates of Exercise  .  This Option shall vest and become exercisable for the Option Shares in one or more installments as specified in the Notice.  As the Option becomes exercisable for such installments, those installments shall accumulate and the Option shall remain exercisable for the accumulated installments until the Expiration Date or sooner termination of the Option term under Paragraph 5 or 6.  As an administrative matter, the exercisable portion of this Option may only be exercised until the close of the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the Expiration Date or the earlier termination date under Paragraph 5 or 6 or, if such date is not a trading day on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the last trading day before such date.  Any later attempt to exercise this Option will not be honored.  For example, if Optionee ceases to remain in Service as provided in Paragraph 5(i) and the date three (3) months from the date of cessation is Monday, July 4 (a holiday on which the Nasdaq Global Select Market is closed), Optionee must exercise the exercisable portion of this Option by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Friday, July 1. 
  5.      Cessation of Service  .  The Option term specified in Paragraph 2 shall terminate (and this Option shall cease to be outstanding) prior to the Expiration Date should any of the following provisions become applicable: 
  (i)    Should Optionee cease to remain in Service for any reason (other than death, Disability or Cause and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) while this Option is outstanding, then Optionee shall have a period of three (3) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of Service) during which to exercise this Option, but in no event shall this Option be exercisable at any time after the Expiration Date. 
  (ii)    If Optionee dies while this Option is outstanding, then the Optionee s designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary was designated or properly designated or, if no designated beneficiary survives the Optionee, the Optionee s estate (to the extent reasonably determinable) or other individual or entity entitled to receive the Option under applicable local law shall have the right to exercise this Option.  Such right shall lapse, and this Option shall cease to be outstanding, upon the earlier of (A) the expiration of the eighteen (18) month period measured from the date of Optionee s death or (B) the Expiration Date.  Optionee may only make a beneficiary designation with respect to this Option if the Company has approved a process or procedure for such beneficiary designation for the local jurisdiction within which Optionee performs services for the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  If no such beneficiary designation process or procedure has been approved by the Company, then, in the event of Optionee s death, this Option may only be exercised by the Optionee s estate (to the extent reasonably determinable) or other individual or entity entitled to receive the Option under applicable local law. 
  (iii)    Should Optionee cease Service by reason of Disability while this Option is outstanding, then Optionee shall have a period of eighteen (18) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of Service) during which to exercise this Option, but in no event shall this Option be exercisable at any time after the Expiration Date. 
  (iv)    During the limited period of post-Service exercisability, this Option may not be exercised in the aggregate for more than the number of vested Option Shares for which the Option is exercisable at the date the Optionee ceases to actively provide Service (not extended by any notice period mandated under local law).  Upon the expiration of such limited exercise period or (if earlier) upon the Expiration Date, this Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding for any vested Option Shares for which the Option has not been exercised.  However, this Option shall, immediately as of the date the Optionee ceases to actively provide Service for any reason, terminate and cease to be outstanding with respect to any Option Shares in which Optionee is not otherwise at that time vested or for which this Option is not otherwise at that time exercisable. 
  (v)    Should Optionee s Service be terminated for Cause or should Optionee otherwise engage in activities constituting Cause while this Option is outstanding, then this Option shall terminate immediately and cease to remain outstanding.  In the event Optionee s Service is suspended pending an investigation of whether Optionee s Service will be terminated for Cause, all Optionee s rights under the Option, including the right to exercise the Option, shall be suspended during the investigation period. 
    
  (vi)    For purposes of this Paragraph 5, in the event of Optionee s cessation of Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or providing Service, or the terms of Optionee's employment or service agreement, if any), Optionee s right to receive additional options or to vest in the Option will end as of the  

date the Optionee is no longer actively providing Service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g  ., active Service would not include any period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when an Optionee is no longer actively providing Service for purposes of this Option. 
    
  6.      Special Acceleration of Option  . 
    
  (a)    This Option, to the extent outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction but not otherwise fully vested and exercisable, shall automatically accelerate so that this Option shall, immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, become vested and exercisable for all of the Option Shares at the time subject to this Option and may be exercised for any or all of those Option Shares as fully-vested Shares.  No such acceleration of this Option, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) this Option is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with a comparable option to purchase shares of the capital stock of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) this Option is replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested Option Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction (the excess of the Fair Market Value of those Option Shares over the aggregate Exercise Price payable for such Shares) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the same Exercise Schedule set forth in the Notice.  The determination of option comparability under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
    
  (b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)    If this Option is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by the Option and the Exercise Price immediately after such Corporate Transaction, provided the aggregate Exercise Price shall remain the same. 
  (d)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  7.      Adjustment in Option Shares  .  In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Shares, a recapitalization, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, appropriate adjustments shall be made to (i) the total number and/or kind of shares or securities subject to this Option and (ii) the Exercise Price in order to reflect such change and thereby preclude a dilution or enlargement of benefits hereunder. 
  8.      Shareholder Rights  .  The holder of this Option shall not have any shareholder rights with respect to the Option Shares until such person shall have exercised the Option, paid the Exercise Price and become a holder of record of the purchased Shares. 
    
  9.      Manner of Exercising Option  . 
    
  (a)    In order to exercise this Option with respect to all or any part of the Option Shares for which this Option is at the time exercisable, Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option) must take the following actions: 
  (i)    Pay the aggregate Exercise Price for the purchased Shares in one or more of the following forms: 
  (A)    cash or check which, in the Company s sole discretion, shall be made payable to a Company-designated brokerage firm or the Company; and 
  (B)    as permitted by applicable law, through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option) shall concurrently provide irrevocable written instructions (I) to a Company-designated brokerage firm (or in the case of an executive officer or Board member of the Company, an Optionee-designated brokerage firm) to effect the immediate sale of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the purchased Shares plus, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy any Tax-Related Items (as defined in Paragraph 10 of this Agreement) and (II) to the Company to deliver the purchased Shares directly to such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction.  
  (ii)    Furnish to the Company appropriate documentation that the person or persons exercising the Option (if other than Optionee) have the right to exercise this Option. 
  (iii)    Make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Optionee) for the satisfaction of all withholding or other obligations related to Tax-Related Items applicable to the Option grant, vesting, exercise or the sale of Shares, as applicable.   

(b)    As soon as practical after the exercise date, the Company shall issue to or on behalf of Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising this Option) the purchased Option Shares, (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), subject to the appropriate legends and/or stop transfer instructions. 
  (c)    In no event may this Option be exercised for any fractional Shares. 
  (d)    Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement to the contrary, if at the time this Option is exercised, Optionee is indebted to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) for any reason, the following actions shall be taken, as deemed appropriate by the Committee: 
  (i)    any Shares to be issued upon such exercise shall automatically be pledged against Optionee s outstanding indebtedness; and 
  (ii)    if this Option is exercised in accordance with subparagraph 9(a)(i)(B) above, the after tax proceeds of the sale of Optionee s Shares shall automatically be applied to the outstanding balance of Optionee s indebtedness. 
  10.      Responsibility for Taxes  . 
  (a)  Regardless of any action taken by the Company or Optionee's employer (the  Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Optionee's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Optionee ( Tax-Related Items ) is and remains Optionee's responsibility.  Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Optionee s liability for Tax-Related Items     or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if Optionee becomes subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction, Optionee acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Option, Optionee agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable Tax-Related Items of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Option.  In this regard, Optionee authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding all applicable Tax-Related Items from Optionee s wages or other cash compensation paid to Optionee by the Company and/or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale (specifically including where this Option is exercised in accordance with subparagraph 9(a)(i)(B) above) or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Optionee s behalf pursuant to this authorization); or (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon exercise of the Option. 
  (c)  Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Optionee is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.  Optionee agrees to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage Optionee's Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledges that should Optionee fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from Optionee and it may be necessary for Optionee to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  
  (d)  Finally, Optionee must pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Optionee s participation in the Plan or Optionee s purchase of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of the Shares if Optionee fails to comply with Optionee s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this Paragraph. 
  11.        Tax and Legal Advice  .  Optionee represents, warrants and acknowledges that neither the Company nor Optionee s Employer have made any warranties or representations to Optionee with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Optionee is in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS OPTION ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  OPTIONEE SHOULD CONSULT OPTIONEE S PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING THIS OPTION.  OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING OPTIONEE S ACCEPTANCE OF  

THIS OPTION.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
  12.      Compliance with Laws and Regulations  . 
  (a)    The exercise of this Option and the issuance of the Option Shares upon such exercise shall be subject to compliance by the Company and Optionee with all applicable laws, regulations and rules relating thereto, including all applicable regulations of any stock exchange (or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, if applicable) on which the Shares may be listed for trading at the time of such exercise and issuance and all applicable foreign laws. 
  (b)    The inability of the Company to obtain approval from any regulatory body having authority deemed by the Company to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares pursuant to this Option shall relieve the Company of any liability with respect to the non-issuance or sale of the Shares as to which such approval shall not have been obtained. 
  13.      Successors and Assigns  .  Except to the extent otherwise provided in Paragraphs 3, 5 and 6, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns and Optionee, Optionee s assigns and the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of Optionee s estate. 
  14.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to the Optionee at the address maintained for the Optionee in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
    
  15.      Construction  .  The Notice, this Agreement, and the Option evidenced hereby (a) are made and granted pursuant to the Plan and are in all respects limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan, and (b) constitute the entire agreement between Optionee and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersede all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties related to the subject matter.  All decisions of the Committee with respect to any question or issue arising under the Notice, this Agreement or the Plan shall be conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in this Option.  The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
  16.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  17.      Excess Shares  .  If the Option Shares covered by this Agreement exceed, as of the Grant Date, the number of Shares which may without shareholder approval be issued under the Plan, then this Option shall be void with respect to those excess shares, unless shareholder approval of an amendment sufficiently increasing the number of Shares issuable under the Plan is obtained in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
  18.      Further Instruments  .  The parties agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
  19.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a) Optionee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Optionee s personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Optionee s participation in the Plan. 
  (b) Optionee understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Optionee, including, but not limited to, Optionee s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Optionee s participation in the Plan.  Optionee understands that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Optionee s country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Optionee s country.  Optionee understands that Optionee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of  

the Data by contacting Optionee s local human resources representative.  Optionee authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing Optionee s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of the Option under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Options or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, Optionee acknowledges and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for Optionee's participation in the Plan. 
    
  (c) Optionee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Optionee s participation in the Plan.  Optionee understands that Optionee may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting Optionee s local human resources representative in writing.  Further, Optionee  understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If Optionee does not consent, or if Optionee later seeks to revoke consent, Optionee s employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Optionee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Options or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  Optionee further acknowledges that withdrawal of consent may affect Optionee s ability to vest in or realize benefits from the Options, and Optionee s ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of Optionee s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Optionee understands that Optionee may contact Optionee s local human resources representative. 
    
  (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing Optionee's participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 

20.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and exercise of this Option, and in receiving the Option, Option Shares, or any benefit relating to the Option, Optionee acknowledges and agrees that: 
  (a)    Optionee s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Option or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit Optionee to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting this Option, Optionee expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to Optionee or benefits in lieu of Options or any other Awards even if Options have been granted repeatedly in the past.  All decisions with respect to future Option grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
    
  (b)    This Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of Optionee s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of Optionee s salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are an extraordinary item that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which are outside the scope of Optionee s written employment agreement (if any).   
    
  (c)      Optionee is voluntarily participating in the Plan.  
    
  (d)      Neither the Plan nor this Option or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give Optionee a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate the Service of Optionee at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
    
  (e)    The grant of the Option and Optionee's participation in the Plan     will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  
    
  (f)     The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty.  If the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value.  If Optionee exercises the Option and obtains Shares, the value of the Shares acquired upon exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price.  Optionee also understands that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Option. 
    
  (g)     In consideration of the grant of the Option, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from termination of Optionee s Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws). 
    
  (h)    The Company may require Options granted hereunder be exercised with, and the Option Shares held by, a broker  

designated by the Company.  
  (i)    Optionee s rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts the Optionee owes to the Company. 
  (j)    The Option and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
  21.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
    
  22.      Waiver  .  Optionee agrees that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Optionee or any other participant. 
  23.      Electronic Delivery  .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Optionee s current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request Optionee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  Optionee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  24.      Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  25.      Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for Optionee s country of residence.  Moreover, if Optionee relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Optionee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  26.      Committee Policies  .  The Option shall be subject to any applicable special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  27.      Imposition of Other Requirements  .  The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Optionee s participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. Optionee agrees to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, Optionee acknowledges that the laws of the country in which Optionee is working at the time of grant, vesting and exercise of the Option or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject Optionee to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that Optionee is and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  28.      Acceptance of Agreement  .    You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
  *          *          *          * 
  By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 28 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning  in September 2017) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Grant Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows: 
                          Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Shares:   

First Vest Date: 

,20  ________________ 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Restricted Shares  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Stock Grant, or by otherwise receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Stock Grant and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
  2.      Vesting of Restricted Shares  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: [________________], unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below.  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company's transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below.  Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
  3.      Special Acceleration. 
  (a)    To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
  (b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)    If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)    This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  4.      Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant  .  Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time.  You understand, acknowledge and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 

5.      Withholding Taxes  .  In order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Stock Grant, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation.  Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law.  The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  6.      Tax Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  7.      Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares  .  Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law.  However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
  8.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  9.      Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  .    Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.      Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote.  To the extent any Restricted Shares have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above, no dividends or other distributions shall be accrued, paid or distributed to you. 
  12.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)  You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)  You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able  

to grant you this Stock Grant Award or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  (d)  The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
  13.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .  As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant, and in receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Stock Grant, you acknowledge and agree that: 
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you.  This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  (b)    Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles     of Incorporation     and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (c)    You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company.  In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  15.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company's principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  17.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  18.      Waiver  .    You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  19.      Electronic Delivery  .   The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  20.       Committee Policies  .  This Stock Grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  21.      Acceptance of Agreement  .  You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
  *          *          *          * 
  By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 21 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in June 2017 and Prior to September 2017) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Grant Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows: 
                          Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Shares:   

First Vest Date: 

,20  ________________ 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Restricted Shares  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Stock Grant, or by otherwise receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Stock Grant and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
  2.      Vesting of Restricted Shares  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: ___________ percent (___%) of the total number of Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each annual anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below.  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company's transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below.  Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
  3.      Special Acceleration. 
  (a)    To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
  (b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)    If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)    This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  4.      Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant  .  Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time.  You understand, acknowledge  

and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 
  5.      Withholding Taxes  .  In order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Stock Grant, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation.  Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law.  The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  6.      Tax Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  7.      Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares  .  Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law.  However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
  8.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  9.      Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  .    Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.      Voting and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote and to receive dividends (if any). 
  12.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)  You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)  You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer  

will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you this Stock Grant Award or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  (d)  The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
  13.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .  As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant, and in receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Stock Grant, you acknowledge and agree that: 
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you.  This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  (b)    Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles     of Incorporation     and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (c)    You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company.  In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  15.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company's principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  17.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  18.      Waiver  .    You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  19.      Electronic Delivery  .   The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  20.       Committee Policies  .  This Stock Grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  21.      Acceptance of Agreement  .  You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
    
  *          *          *          * 
  By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 21 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in July 2016 and Prior to June 2017) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Grant Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows: 
                          Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Shares:   

First Vest Date: 
      
    ________________  ,20  ______  (the first annual anniversary of the vesting commencement date) 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Restricted Shares  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.      Vesting of Restricted Shares  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: ___________ percent (___%) of the total number of Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each annual anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below.  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company's transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below.  Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
  3.      Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)    To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
  (b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)    If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)    This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  4.      Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant  .  Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time.  You understand, acknowledge and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 

5.      Withholding Taxes  .  You agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation.  Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law.  The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  6.      Tax Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  7.      Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares  .  Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law.  However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of the your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
  8.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  9.      Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.      Voting and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote and to receive dividends (if any). 
  12.      Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)    You hereby authorize and direct your employer to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your employment, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)    You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
  13.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  . 
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you.  This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 

(b)    Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles     of Incorporation     and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (c)    You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company.  In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.      Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  15.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company's principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  17.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

(For Grants Prior to July 2016) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Grant Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows: 
                          Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Shares:   

First Vest Date: 
      
    ________________  ,20  ______  (the first annual anniversary of the vesting commencement date) 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.     Restricted Shares  . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.     Vesting of Restricted Shares  . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:   ___________  percent ( ___ %) of the total number of Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each annual anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below. In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company s transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below. Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
  3.     Special Acceleration  . 
  (a) To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
  (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c) If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d) To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (e) This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  4.     Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant  . Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time. You understand, acknowledge and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 

5.     Withholding Taxes  . You agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation. Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law. The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  6.     Tax Advice  . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. 
    
  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  7.     Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares  . Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law. However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of the your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
  8.     Restriction on Transfer  . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  9.     Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  . Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.     Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.     Voting and Other Rights  . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote and to receive dividends (if any). 
  12.     Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a) You hereby authorize and direct your employer to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your employment, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 

13.     No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  . 
  (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you. This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  (b) Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (c) You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company. In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.     Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  15.     Notices  . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.     Binding Effect  . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  17.     Severability  . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2018) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows:                     Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units:   

Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you and you hereby accept from the Company, Performance-Based Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Performance-Based Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Performance-Based Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions.  The Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units stated above reflects the target number of Performance-Based Stock Units (the  Target Amount ).  The number of Performance-Based Stock Units ultimately paid out to you will range from ____% to _____% of the Target Amount as determined (i) based upon the Company s performance during the performance period against the performance goals as set forth in the Committee s resolutions, dated _______________ (the  Performance Goals ) and (ii) by the basic formula contained in the attached Exhibit A.  In accordance therewith, the Committee has the right, in its sole discretion and for any reason, to reduce or eliminate the number of Performance-Based Stock Units that would otherwise be payable hereunder pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 
  2.      Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues and subject to, and to the extent of, the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  __________ (_____%) of the total number of Performance-Based Stock Units earned, if any, pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion and to the extent permitted under applicable local law, either suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence.   
  3.      Termination of Service  . 
  (a)    Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your  Separation from Service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g.  , active Service would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Performance-Based Stock Units. 

(b)    In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least ____ (___) years of age and (y) your age plus your years of Service is at least equal to _________ (___), and so long as such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the _________ anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as  Retirement   (1)     ), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units may be earned pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above, determined as if your Service had continued after your resignation or termination of Service, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5(a); provided that any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be forfeited without consideration immediately upon the breach of any of the following conditions: 
  (i)    Unless prohibited by applicable law, you shall render, as an independent advisor or consultant and not as an Employee, such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) as shall reasonably be requested by the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and such services shall not be terminated for Cause (for purposes of clarity, any request to provide such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) shall not be considered a continuation of  Service  unless the Company specifically provides that the continuation of services is a continuation of  Service  for purposes of this Section 3(b)). 
  (ii)    For a period of ____ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of other persons or entities, intentionally solicit or induce (a) any employee of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) to leave the employee s employment in order to accept employment with another person or entity or (b) any customer of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) with whom you have worked in your capacity as an Employee prior to your termination of Service whose identity and/or any related information constitutes protected trade secrets (with such customers determined as of the date of the termination of your Service, to retain or use any other person or entity for the purpose of rendering services in competition with the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) or to purchase products from any business which, in the opinion of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in either case, unless these restrictions are prohibited (whether in whole or in part) by applicable law. 
  (iii)    For a period of _____ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not render services for any organization or engage directly or indirectly in any business which, in the opinion of the Company, competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), unless this restriction is prohibited by applicable law. 
  (iv)    You shall not, without prior written authorization from the Company, use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets concerning the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause or in the event of the termination for Cause of any independent advisory or consulting services you may be providing as described in Section 3(b)(i), any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 
  4.      Special Acceleration  . 
    
  (a)    To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full at the Target Amount immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and settled in accordance with Section 5 below.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Performance-Based Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable performance-based stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), in each case, having a minimum payout equal to the Target Amount and preserving the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below or (ii) these Performance-Based Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and, at a minimum, preserves the fair market value of the Performance-Based Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction (based on the Target Amount) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of performance-based stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.   
    
  ___________________________ 
   (1)        If you are subject to the employment protections of a country within the European Economic Area because you reside in such country or are otherwise subject thereto,  Retirement  shall mean your years of Service is at least equal to ________ (___), regardless of your age, and the provisions concerning Retirement shall apply to you so long as the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date.  In all cases, years of Service shall be determined based on the date you originally provided Service.  If you previously terminated Service, but subsequently returned to Service prior to the Grant Date, you will receive credit for your prior Service. 

(b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
    
  (c)    If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
    
  (d)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
    
  5.      Settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units  .   
    
  (a)      General Settlement Terms  .  The Performance-Based Stock Units, to the extent earned and vested hereunder (including, without limitation by reason of Retirement), shall be automatically settled in Shares on the Vest Date (which constitutes a fixed payment date for purposes of Code Section 409A) or, if earlier, upon the earliest to occur of the settlement events set forth below or in the Company s Vesting Acceleration Policy for Death and Terminal Illness; it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s ability to amend or terminate such policy in its sole discretion and without your consent. 
    
  (b)      Corporate Transaction  .  If, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award and this Performance-Based Stock Unit award is not assumed or replaced as described in Section 4(a) in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction instead of on the Vest Date. 
    
  (c)    The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and/or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
    
  (d)    Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, to the extent your Performance-Based Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
    
  (e)    Prior to the time that the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Performance-Based Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
    
  6.      Taxes  . 
    
  (a)  Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Performance-Based Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
    
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Performance-Based Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.   

(c)  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
  (d)  Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
    
  7.      Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
    
  8.      Non-Transferability of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Performance-Based Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
    
  9.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
    
  10.      Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
    
  11.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
    
  12.      Voting and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled in Shares.  In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Performance-Based Stock Units. 
    
  13.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
    
  (a)      You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
    
  (b)      You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance-Based Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections  

than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Performance-Based Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Performance-Based Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
    
  (c)      You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Performance-Based Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Performance-Based Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
    
  (d)        The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
    
  14.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .  As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, and in receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that: 
    
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Performance-Based Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.   
    
  (b)    The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, even if Performance-Based Stock Units have been granted in the past.  By accepting these Performance-Based Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Performance-Based Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
    
  (c)    The Performance-Based Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance-Based Stock Units, and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday pay, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer     or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Performance-Based Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any).   
    
  (d)    You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
    
  (e)    Neither the Plan nor these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any).   
    
  (f)    The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your participation in the Plan     will not be interpreted to form or amend an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
    
  (g)    The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 

(h)    No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance-Based Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request withdrawal from such claim. 
    
  (i)    You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
    
  (j)    You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
    
  (k)    Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Performance-Based Stock Units evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance-Based Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporation Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
    
  15.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
    
  16.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
    
  18.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
    
  19.      Waiver.    You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
    
  20.      Electronic Delivery  .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  21.      Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
       
  22.      Exchange Control, Tax And/Or Foreign Asset/Account Reporting  .  You acknowledge that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account or legal entity outside your country.  You may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should consult your personal legal advisor for details.  
    
  23.      Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines  

that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  24.      Committee Policies  .  The Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  25.      Imposition of Other Requirements  .          The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Performance-Based Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  26.      Acceptance of Agreement  .  You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the Vest Date. 
    
  *          *          *          * 
  By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

Exhibit A 
    
  FORMULA FOR THE 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

(For Grants Beginning in June 2017 and Prior to September 2018) 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows:                     Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units:   

Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you and you hereby accept from the Company, Performance-Based Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Performance-Based Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Performance-Based Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions.  The Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units stated above reflects the target number of Performance-Based Stock Units (the  Target Amount ).  The number of Performance-Based Stock Units ultimately paid out to you will range from ___% to ____% of the Target Amount as determined (i) based upon the Company s performance during the performance period against the performance goals as set forth in the Committee s resolutions, dated __________________ (the  Performance Goals ) and (ii) by the basic formula contained in the attached Exhibit A.  In accordance therewith, the Committee has the right, in its sole discretion and for any reason, to reduce or eliminate the number of Performance-Based Stock Units that would otherwise be payable hereunder pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 
  2.      Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues and subject to, and to the extent of, the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  _________ (____%) of the total number of Performance-Based Stock Units earned, if any, pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion and to the extent permitted under applicable local law, either suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence.   
  3.      Termination of Service  . 
  (a)    Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your  Separation from Service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g.  , active Service would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Performance-Based Stock Units. 

(b)    In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least _____ (___) years of age and (y) your age plus your years of Service is at least equal to ____________ (_____), and so long as such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the ________ anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as  Retirement   (1)    ), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units may be earned pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above, determined as if your Service had continued after your resignation or termination of Service, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5(a); provided that any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be forfeited without consideration immediately upon the breach of any of the following conditions: 
  (i)    Unless prohibited by applicable law, you shall render, as an independent advisor or consultant and not as an Employee, such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) as shall reasonably be requested by the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and such services shall not be terminated for Cause (for purposes of clarity, any request to provide such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) shall not be considered a continuation of  Service  unless the Company specifically provides that the continuation of services is a continuation of  Service  for purposes of this Section 3(b)). 
  (ii)    For a period of _____ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of other persons or entities, intentionally solicit or induce (a) any employee of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) to leave the employee s employment in order to accept employment with another person or entity or (b) any customer of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) with whom you have worked in your capacity as an Employee prior to your termination of Service whose identity and/or any related information constitutes protected trade secrets (with such customers determined as of the date of the termination of your Service, to retain or use any other person or entity for the purpose of rendering services in competition with the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) or to purchase products from any business which, in the opinion of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in either case, unless these restrictions are prohibited (whether in whole or in part) by applicable law. 
  (iii)    For a period of _____ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not render services for any organization or engage directly or indirectly in any business which, in the opinion of the Company, competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), unless this restriction is prohibited by applicable law. 
  (iv)    You shall not, without prior written authorization from the Company, use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets concerning the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause or in the event of the termination for Cause of any independent advisory or consulting services you may be providing as described in Section 3(b)(i), any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 
  4.      Special Acceleration  . 
    
  (a)    To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full at the Target Amount immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and settled in accordance with Section 5 below.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Performance-Based Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable performance-based stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), in each case, having a minimum payout equal to the Target Amount and preserving the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below or (ii) these Performance-Based Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and, at a minimum, preserves the fair market value of the Performance-Based Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction (based on the Target Amount) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of performance-based stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.   
  ___________________________ 
      (1)   If you are subject to the employment protections of a country within the European Economic Area because you reside in such country or are otherwise subject thereto,  Retirement  shall mean your years of Service is at least equal to ______ (___), regardless of your age, and the provisions concerning Retirement shall apply to you so long as the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date.  In all cases, years of Service shall be determined based on the date you originally provided Service.  If you previously terminated Service, but subsequently returned to Service prior to the Grant Date, you will receive credit for your prior Service.      

(b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)    If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
    
  5.      Settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units  .   
    
  (a)      General Settlement Terms  .  The Performance-Based Stock Units, to the extent earned and vested hereunder (including, without limitation by reason of Retirement), shall be automatically settled in Shares on the Vest Date (which constitutes a fixed payment date for purposes of Code Section 409A) or, if earlier, upon the earliest to occur of the settlement events set forth below or in the Company s Vesting Acceleration Policy for Death and Terminal Illness; it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s ability to amend or terminate such policy in its sole discretion and without your consent. 
    
  (b)      Corporate Transaction  .  If, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award and this Performance-Based Stock Unit award is not assumed or replaced as described in Section 4(a) in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction instead of on the Vest Date. 
    
  (c)    The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and/or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
    
  (d)    Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, to the extent your Performance-Based Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
    
  (e)    Prior to the time that the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Performance-Based Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
    
  6.      Taxes  . 
    
  (a)    Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Performance-Based Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)    Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Performance-Based Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items  

withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates. 
  (c)    Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
    
  7.      Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
    
  8.      Non-Transferability of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Performance-Based Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.      Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.      Voting and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled in Shares.  In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Performance-Based Stock Units. 
  13.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
    
  (a)      You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)      You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance-Based Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Performance-Based Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Performance-Based Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 

(c)      You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Performance-Based Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Performance-Based Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  (d)      The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
    
  14.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .  As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, and in receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that: 
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Performance-Based Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Performance-Based Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Performance-Based Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Performance-Based Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
  (b)    The Performance-Based Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance-Based Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer     or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Performance-Based Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any).   
  (c)    You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d)    Neither the Plan nor these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any).   
  (e)    The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your participation in the Plan     will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f)    The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g)    In consideration of the grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance-Based Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) or from the Company s determination that Performance Goals have not been satisfied in whole or in part and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim.  
  (h)    You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i)    You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (j)    The Performance-Based Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 

15.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  19.      Waiver.    You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  20.      Electronic Delivery  .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  21.      Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  22.      Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  23.      Committee Policies  .  The Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  24.      Imposition of Other Requirements  .          The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Performance-Based Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  25.      Acceptance of Agreement  .  You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the Vest Date. 
    
  *          *          *          * 

By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 25 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
    
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

Exhibit A 

FORMULA FOR THE 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

(For Grants Beginning in July 2016 and Prior to June 2017) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
    T  his Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows:                     Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units:   

Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you and you hereby accept from the Company, Performance-Based Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  The Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units stated above reflects the target number of Performance-Based Stock Units (the  Target Amount ).  The number of Performance-Based Stock Units ultimately paid out to you will range from __% to __% of the Target Amount as determined (i) based upon the Company s performance during the performance period against the performance goals as set forth in the Committee s resolutions, dated _______________ (the  Performance Goals ) and (ii) by the basic formula contained in the attached Exhibit A.  In accordance therewith, the Committee has the right, in its sole discretion and for any reason, to reduce or eliminate the number of Performance-Based Stock Units that would otherwise be payable hereunder pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 
  2.      Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues and subject to, and to the extent of, the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  _______________ (__%) of the total number of Performance-Based Stock Units earned, if any, pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion and to the extent permitted under applicable local law, either suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence.   
  3.      Termination of Service  . 
  (a)    Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your  Separation from Service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g.  , active Service would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Performance-Based Stock Units. 

(b)    In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least __________ (__) years of age and (y) your age plus your years of Service is at least equal to __________ (__) years, and so long as such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the ________ anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as  Retirement   (1)    ), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units may be earned pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above, determined as if your Service had continued after your resignation or termination of Service, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5(a); provided that any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be forfeited without consideration immediately upon the breach of any of the following conditions: 
  (i)    Unless prohibited by applicable law, you shall render, as an independent advisor or consultant and not as an Employee, such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) as shall reasonably be requested by the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and such services shall not be terminated for Cause (for purposes of clarity, any request to provide such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) shall not be considered a continuation of  Service  unless the Company specifically provides that the continuation of services is a continuation of  Service  for purposes of this Section 3(b)). 
  (ii)    For a period of _______ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of other persons or entities, intentionally solicit or induce (a) any employee of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) to leave the employee s employment in order to accept employment with another person or entity or (b) any customer of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) with whom you have worked in your capacity as an Employee prior to your termination of Service whose identity and/or any related information constitutes protected trade secrets (with such customers determined as of the date of the termination of your Service, to retain or use any other person or entity for the purpose of rendering services in competition with the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) or to purchase products from any business which, in the opinion of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in either case, unless these restrictions are prohibited (whether in whole or in part) by applicable law. 
  (iii)    For a period of ________ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not render services for any organization or engage directly or indirectly in any business which, in the opinion of the Company, competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), unless this restriction is prohibited by applicable law. 
  (iv)    You shall not, without prior written authorization from the Company, use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets concerning the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause or in the event of the termination for Cause of any independent advisory or consulting services you may be providing as described in Section 3(b)(i), any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 

________________________________________________________ 
      (1)     If you are subject to the employment protections of a country within the European Economic Area because you reside in such country or are otherwise subject thereto,  Retirement  shall mean your years of Service is at least equal to _______ (__), regardless of your age, and the provisions concerning Retirement shall apply to you so long as the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date.  In all cases, years of Service shall be determined based on the date you originally provided Service.  If you previously terminated Service, but subsequently returned to Service prior to the Grant Date, you will receive credit for your prior Service.  

4.      Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)    To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full at the Target Amount immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and settled in accordance with Section 5 below.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Performance-Based Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable performance-based stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), in each case, having a minimum payout equal to the Target Amount and preserving the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below or (ii) these Performance-Based Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and, at a minimum, preserves the fair market value of the Performance-Based Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction (based on the Target Amount) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of performance-based stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.   
  (b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)    If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
    
  5.      Settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units  .   
    
  (a)      General Settlement Terms  .  The Performance-Based Stock Units, to the extent earned and vested hereunder (including, without limitation by reason of Retirement), shall be automatically settled in Shares on the Vest Date (which constitutes a fixed payment date for purposes of Code Section 409A) or, if earlier, upon the earliest to occur of the settlement events set forth below or in the Company s Vesting Acceleration Policy for Death and Terminal Illness; it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s ability to amend or terminate such policy in its sole discretion and without your consent. 
  (b)      Corporate Transaction  .  If, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award and this Performance-Based Stock Unit award is not assumed or replaced as described in Section 4(a) in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction instead of on the Vest Date. 
  (c)    The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and/or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
  (d)    Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, to the extent your Performance-Based Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
  (e)    Prior to the time that the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Performance-Based Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
    
  6.      Taxes  . 
    
  (a)  Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Performance-Based Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any  

obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Performance-Based Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. 
  (c)  Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
    
  7.      Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
    
  8.      Non-Transferability of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Performance-Based Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
    
  9.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
    
  10.      Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
    
  11.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
    
  12.      Voting and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled in Shares.  In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Performance-Based Stock Units. 
    
  13.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
    
  (a)      You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
    
  (b)      You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance-Based Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  

Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Performance-Based Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Performance-Based Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
    
  (c)      You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Performance-Based Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
    
  14.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .   
    
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Performance-Based Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Performance-Based Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Performance-Based Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Performance-Based Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
    
  (b)    The Performance-Based Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance-Based Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Performance-Based Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any).   
    
  (c)    You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
    
  (d)    Neither the Plan nor these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any).   
    
  (e)    The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your participation in the Plan     will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
    
  (f)    The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
    
  (g)    In consideration of the grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance-Based Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) or from the Company s determination that Performance Goals have not been satisfied in whole or in part and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim.  

(h)    You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
    
  (i)    You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
    
  (j)    The Performance-Based Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
    
  15.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
    
  16.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
    
  18.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
    
  19.      Electronic Delivery  .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  20.      Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
    
  21.      Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  22.      Imposition of Other Requirements  .          The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Performance-Based Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  23.      Acceptance of Agreement  .  You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Performance-Based Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you.  If you do not accept your Performance-Based Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Performance-Based Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
  *    *    *    * 
    
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 

PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

Exhibit A 

FORMULA FOR THE 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2015 and Prior to July 2016) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows:                     Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units:   

Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you and you hereby accept from the Company, Performance-Based Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  The Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units stated above reflects the target number of Performance-Based Stock Units (the  Target Amount ).  The number of Performance-Based Stock Units ultimately paid out to you will range from ___% to ___% of the Target Amount as determined based upon the Company s performance during the performance period against the performance goals as set forth in   Exhibit A  . 
  2.      Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues and subject to, and to the extent of, the satisfaction of the performance goals as set forth in   Exhibit A  , the Performance-Based Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  _______________ (___%) of the total number of Performance-Based Stock Units earned, if any, pursuant to the satisfaction of the performance goals in   Exhibit A   shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion and to the extent permitted under applicable local law, either suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence.   
  3.      Termination of Service  . 
  (a)    Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your  Separation from Service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g.  , active Service would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Performance-Based Stock Units. 
  (b)    In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least __________ (___) years of age and (y) your age plus your years of Service is at least equal to __________ (___), and so long as such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the ________ anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as  Retirement   (1)    ), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units may be earned pursuant to the satisfaction of the performance goals in   Exhibit A  , and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above, determined as if your Service had continued after your resignation or termination of Service, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5(a); provided that any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be forfeited without consideration immediately upon the breach of any of the following conditions: 
   ____________________________________________________________________________   
   (1)    If you are subject to the employment protections of a country within the European Economic Area because you reside in such country or are otherwise subject thereto,  Retirement  shall mean your years of Service is at least equal to _______ (_____), regardless of your age, and the provisions concerning Retirement shall apply to you so long as the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date.  In all cases, years of Service shall be determined based on the date you originally provided Service.  If you previously terminated Service, but subsequently returned to Service prior to the Grant Date, you will receive credit for your prior Service. 

(i)    Unless prohibited by applicable law, you shall render, as an independent advisor or consultant and not as an Employee, such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) as shall reasonably be requested by the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and such services shall not be terminated for Cause (for purposes of clarity, any request to provide such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) shall not be considered a continuation of  Service  unless the Company specifically provides that the continuation of services is a continuation of  Service  for purposes of this Section 3(b)). 
  (ii)    For a period of ___ (__) beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of other persons or entities, intentionally solicit or induce (a) any employee of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) to leave the employee s employment in order to accept employment with another person or entity or (b) any customer of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) with whom you have worked in your capacity as an Employee prior to your termination of Service whose identity and/or any related information constitutes protected trade secrets (with such customers determined as of the date of the termination of your Service, to retain or use any other person or entity for the purpose of rendering services in competition with the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) or to purchase products from any business which, in the opinion of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in either case, unless these restrictions are prohibited (whether in whole or in part) by applicable law. 
  (iii)    For a period of ___ (__) beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not render services for any organization or engage directly or indirectly in any business which, in the opinion of the Company, competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), unless this restriction is prohibited by applicable law. 
  (iv)    You shall not, without prior written authorization from the Company, use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets concerning the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause or in the event of the termination for Cause of any independent advisory or consulting services you may be providing as described in Section 3(b)(i), any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 
  4.      Special Acceleration  . 
    
  (a)    To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full at the Target Amount immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and settled in accordance with Section 5 below.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Performance-Based Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable performance-based stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), in each case, having a minimum payout equal to the Target Amount and preserving the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below or (ii) these Performance-Based Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and, at a minimum, preserves the fair market value of the Performance-Based Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction (based on the Target Amount) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of performance-based stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.   
    
  (b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
    
  (c)    If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
    
  (d)    To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at the Target Amount at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
    
  (e)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 

5.      Settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units  .   
    
  (a)      General Settlement Terms  .  The Performance-Based Stock Units, to the extent earned and vested hereunder (including, without limitation by reason of Retirement), shall be automatically settled in Shares on the Vest Date (which constitutes a fixed payment date for purposes of Code Section 409A) or, if earlier, upon the earliest to occur of the settlement events set forth below or in the Company s Vesting Acceleration Policy for Death and Terminal Illness; it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s ability to amend or terminate such policy in its sole discretion and without your consent. 
    
  (b)      Corporate Transaction  .  If, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award and this Performance-Based Stock Unit award is not assumed or replaced as described in Section 4(a) in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction instead of on the Vest Date. 
    
  (c)      Change in Control  .  In the event a Change in Control is consummated prior to the Vest Date and such Change in Control is a permissible distribution event under Code Section 409A, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control.  In the event such Change in Control is not a permissible distribution event under Code Section 409A, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon the earlier of (i) the Vest Date or (ii) your Separation from Service that occurs immediately prior to or at any time after such Change in Control.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award, then such settlement shall in all cases occur immediately prior the effective date of the Change in Control. 
    
  (d)    The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and/or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
    
  (e)    Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, to the extent your Performance-Based Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
    
  (f)    Prior to the time that the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Performance-Based Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
    
  6.      Taxes  . 
    
  (a)    Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Performance-Based Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
    
  (b)    Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Performance-Based Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may  

withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. 
    
  (c)    Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
    
  7.      Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
    
  8.      Non-Transferability of Performance-Based Stock Units  .  Performance-Based Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
    
  9.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
    
  10.      Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
    
  11.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
    
  12.      Voting and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled in Shares.  In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Performance-Based Stock Units. 
    
  13.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
    
  (a)      You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
    
    (b)      You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance-Based Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Performance-Based Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Performance-Based Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may  

be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
    
  (c)      You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Performance-Based Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
    
  14.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .   
    
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Performance-Based Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Performance-Based Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Performance-Based Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Performance-Based Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
    
  (b)    The Performance-Based Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance-Based Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer     or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Performance-Based Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any).   
    
  (c)    You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
    
  (d)    Neither the Plan nor these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any).   
    
  (e)    The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your participation in the Plan     will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
    
  (f)    The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
    
  (g)    In consideration of the grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance-Based Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) or from the Company s determination that performance goals have not been satisfied in whole or in part and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim.  
    
  (h)    You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
    
  (i)    You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
    
  (j)    The Performance-Based Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 

15.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
    
  16.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
    
  18.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
    
  19.      Electronic Delivery  .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  20.      Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
    
  21.      Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  22.      Imposition of Other Requirements  .      The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Performance-Based Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  23.      Acceptance of Agreement  .  You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Performance-Based Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you.  If you do not accept your Performance-Based Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Performance-Based Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
  *          *          *          * 
    
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 

PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Prior to September 2015) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.  
  PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 
                     Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units:   

Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.   Performance-Based Stock Units  . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, [subject to the approval by the stockholders of the Company of the amendment and restatement of the Plan,] and you hereby accept from the Company, Performance-Based Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units stated above reflects the target number of Performance-Based Stock Units (the  Target Amount ). The number of Performance-Based Stock Units ultimately paid out to you will range from                  % to                  % of the Target Amount as determined based upon the Company s performance during the performance period against the performance goals as set forth in   Exhibit A  . 
  2.   Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Units  . So long as your Service continues and subject to, and to the extent of, the satisfaction of the performance goals as set forth in   Exhibit A  , the Performance-Based Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:                    (                   %) of the total number of Performance-Based Stock Units earned, if any, pursuant to the satisfaction of the performance goals in   Exhibit A   shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion and to the extent permitted under applicable local law, either suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. Prior to the time that the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Performance-Based Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  3.   Termination of Service  . 
  (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your  Separation from Service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g.  , active Service would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Performance-Based Stock Units. 

(b) In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least                              (                  ) years of age and (y) your age plus your years of Service is at least equal to                              (                  ), and so long as such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the                      anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as  Retirement   (1)    ), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units may be earned pursuant to the satisfaction of the performance goals in   Exhibit A  , and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above, determined as if your Service had continued after your resignation or termination of Service, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5(a); provided that any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be forfeited without consideration immediately upon the breach of any of the following conditions: 
  (i) Unless prohibited by applicable law, you shall render, as an independent advisor or consultant and not as an Employee, such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) as shall reasonably be requested by the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and such services shall not be terminated for Cause (for purposes of clarity, any request to provide such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) shall not be considered a continuation of  Service  unless the Company specifically provides that the continuation of services is a continuation of  Service  for purposes of this Section 3(b)). 
  (ii) For a period of                  (              ) beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of other persons or entities, intentionally solicit or induce (a) any employee of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) to leave the employee s employment in order to accept employment with another person or entity or (b) any customer of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) with whom you have worked in your capacity as an Employee prior to your termination of Service whose identity and/or any related information constitutes protected trade secrets (with such customers determined as of the date of the termination of your Service, to retain or use any other person or entity for the purpose of rendering services in competition with the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) or to purchase products from any business which, in the opinion of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in either case, unless these restrictions are prohibited (whether in whole or in part) by applicable law. 
  (iii) For a period of                  (              ) beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not render services for any organization or engage directly or indirectly in any business which, in the opinion of the Company, competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), unless this restriction is prohibited by applicable law. 
  (iv) You shall not, without prior written authorization from the Company, use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets concerning the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
  (c) Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause or in the event of the termination for Cause of any independent advisory or consulting services you may be providing as described in Section 3(b)(i), any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 
  4.   Special Acceleration  . 
  (a) To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full at the Target Amount immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) these Performance-Based Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable performance-based stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), in each case, having a minimum payout equal to the Target Amount and preserving the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below or (ii) these Performance-Based Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and, at a minimum, preserves the fair market value of the Performance-Based Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction (based on the Target Amount) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of performance-based stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
  (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  ___________________________________________ 
   (1)      If you are subject to the employment protections of a country within the European Economic Area because you reside in such country or are otherwise subject thereto,  Retirement  shall mean your years of Service is at least equal to _______ (_____), regardless of your age, and the provisions concerning Retirement shall apply to you so long as the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date.  In all cases, years of Service shall be determined based on the date you originally provided Service.  If you previously terminated Service, but subsequently returned to Service prior to the Grant Date, you will receive credit for your prior Service. 

(c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d) To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at the Target Amount at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
  (e) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.   Settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units  . 
  (a)   General Settlement Terms  . The Performance-Based Stock Units, to the extent earned and vested hereunder (including, without limitation by reason of Retirement), shall be automatically settled in Shares on the Vest Date (which constitutes a fixed payment date for purposes of Code Section 409A) or, if earlier, upon the earliest to occur of the settlement events set forth below or in the Company s Vesting Acceleration Policy for Death and Terminal Illness; it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s ability to amend or terminate such policy in its sole discretion and without your consent. 
  (b)   Corporate Transaction  . If, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award and this Performance-Based Stock Unit award is not assumed or replaced as described in Section 4(a) in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction instead of on the Vest Date. 
  (c)   Change in Control  . In the event a Change in Control is consummated prior to the Vest Date and such Change in Control is a permissible distribution event under Code Section 409A, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control. In the event such Change in Control is not a permissible distribution event under Code Section 409A, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon the earlier of (i) the Vest Date or (ii) your Separation from Service that occurs immediately prior to or at any time after such Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award, then such settlement shall in all cases occur immediately prior the effective date of the Change in Control. 
  (d) The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and/or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
  (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, to the extent your Performance-Based Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
  6.   Taxes  . 
  (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Performance-Based Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Performance-Based Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding of Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account  

for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. 
  (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.   Tax and Legal Advice  . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
  8.   Non-Transferability of Performance-Based Stock Units  . Performance-Based Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.   Restriction on Transfer  . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.   Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.   Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.   Voting and Other Rights  . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled in Shares. In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Performance-Based Stock Units. 
  13.   Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)   You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)   You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance-Based Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Performance-Based Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Performance-Based Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 

(c)   You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Performance-Based Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  14.   No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  . 
  (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Performance-Based Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Performance-Based Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Performance-Based Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
  (b) The Performance-Based Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance-Based Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Performance-Based Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any). 
  (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d) Neither the Plan nor these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any). 
  (e) The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that neither the     
  Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g) In consideration of the grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance-Based Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) or from the Company s determination that performance goals have not been satisfied in whole or in part and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
  (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (j) The Performance-Based Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
  15.   Governing Law and Forum  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 

16.   Notices  . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.   Binding Effect  . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.   Severability  . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
    
  19.   Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  20.   Language  . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  21.   Appendix  . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  22.   Imposition of Other Requirements  . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Performance-Based Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  23.   Acceptance of Agreement  . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Performance-Based Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Performance-Based Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Performance-Based Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
    
  *          *          *          * 
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2018) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
    
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.  Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
  2.  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: [                        ], unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
  3.  Termination of Service  .  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  4.  Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)  To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

(b)  Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)  If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)  This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.  Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws.  To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  6.  Taxes  . 
  (a)  Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.   
  (c)  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
  (d)  Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.  Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING  

THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
  8.  Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.  Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.  Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.  Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.  Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
  13.  Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)  You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)  You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  (d)            The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 

14.  No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .  As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that: 
  (a)  Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan and this Agreement.   
  (b)  the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
  (c)  The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday pay, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Restricted Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any).   
  (d)  You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (e)  Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
  (f)  The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form or amend an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (g)  The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (h)  No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim.  
  (i)  You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (j)  You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (k)  Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
  15.  Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.  Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.  Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.  Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

19.  Waiver  .  You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  20.  Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  21.  Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  22.  Exchange Control, Tax And/Or Foreign Asset/Account Reporting  .    You acknowledge that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage/bank account or legal entity outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should consult your personal legal advisor for any details.  
  23.  Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  24.  Committee Policies  .  The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  25.  Imposition of Other Requirements  .      The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  26.  Acceptance of Agreement  .  You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
    
  *        *        *        * 
  By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2017 
  and Prior to September 2018) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows  : 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.  Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
  2.  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  [______________________], unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
  3.  Termination of Service  .  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  4.  Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)  To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The  

determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
  (b)  Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)  If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)  This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.  Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws.  To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  6.  Taxes  . 
  (a)  Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
  (c)  Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.  Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions  

contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
  8.  Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.  Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.  Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.  Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.  Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
  13.  Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)  You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)  You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  (d)            The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 

14.  No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .  As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that: 
  (a)  Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
  (b)  The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer     or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Restricted Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any).   
  (c)  You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d)  Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
  (e)  The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f)  The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g)  No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim.  
  (h)  You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i)  You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (j)  Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
  15.  Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.  Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.  Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.  Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

19.  Waiver  .  You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  20.  Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  21.  Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  22.  Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  23.  Committee Policies  .  The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  24.  Imposition of Other Requirements  .      The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  25.  Acceptance of Agreement  .  You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
    
  *        *        *        * 
  By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 25 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning May 31, 2017 and Prior to September 2017) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.  Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
  2.  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  ______________ (___%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
  3.  Termination of Service  .  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  4.  Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)  To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
  (b)  Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c)  If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)  This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.  Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws.  To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  6.  Taxes  . 
  (a)  Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
  (c)  Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.  Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  

8.  Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.  Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.  Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.  Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.  Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with a First Vest Date on or after September 11, 2016, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
  13.  Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)  You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)  You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  (d)      The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
  14.  No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .  As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that: 
  (a)  Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  

(b)  The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer     or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Restricted Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any).   
  (c)  You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d)  Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
  (e)  The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f)  The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g)  No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim.  
  (h)  You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i)  You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (j)  Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
  15.  Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.  Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.  Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.  Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  19.  Waiver  .  You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  20.  Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  21.  Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  22.  Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

23.  Committee Policies  .  The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
  24.  Imposition of Other Requirements  .      The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  25.  Acceptance of Agreement  .  You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the    I agree    button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
    
  *          *          *          * 
  By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 25 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in July 2016  
  and Prior to May 31, 2017) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.  Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  _______ (___%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any. 
  3.  Termination of Service  .  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  4.  Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)  To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

(b)  Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)  If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)  This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.  Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws.  To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  6.  Taxes  . 
  (a)  Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Item withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance.  If the Company does not satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by the withholding of Shares and instead withholds proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering maximum applicable rates, in which case  

you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash to the extent that any over-withheld amount has not otherwise been remitted to the applicable tax authority and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent. 
  (c)  Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.  Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
  8.  Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.  Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.  Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.  Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.  Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with a First Vest Date on or after September 11, 2016, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
  13.  Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)  You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a  

broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)  You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  14.  No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .   
  (a)  Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
  (b)  The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Restricted Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any).   
  (c)  You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d)  Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
  (e)  The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f)  The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g)  No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim.  
  (h)  You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i)  You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 

(j)  Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
  15.  Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.  Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.  Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.  Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  19.  Waiver  .  You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  20.  Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  21.  Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  22.  Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  23.  Imposition of Other Requirements  .      The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  24.  Acceptance of Agreement  .  You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you.  If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
  *          *          *          * 
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2015 and Prior to July 2016) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.      STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.      Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  ________ percent ( ___%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each ____ anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any. 
  3.      Termination of Service  .  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  4.      Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)    To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
  (b)    Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c)    If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)    To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
  (e)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.      Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws.  To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  6.      Taxes  . 
  (a)    Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)    Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Item withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance.  If the Company does not satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by the withholding of Shares and instead withholds proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash to the extent that any over-withheld amount has not otherwise been remitted to the applicable tax authority and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent. 

(c)    Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.      Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
  8.      Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.      Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.      Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with a First Vest Date on or after September 11, 2016, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
  13.      Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)      You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)      You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.   

Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)      You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  14.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .   
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
  (b)    The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer     or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Restricted Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any).   
  (c)    You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d)    Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
  (e)    The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f)    The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g)    No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim.  
  (h)    You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i)    You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 

(j)    Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
  15.      Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  19.      Waiver  .  You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  20.      Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  21.      Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  22.      Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  23.      Imposition of Other Requirements  .      The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  24.      Acceptance of Agreement  .  You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you.  If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
  *          *          *          * 
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September  
  2013 and Prior to September 2015) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.      STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.  Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  ________________ percent ( ___%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each ______ anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below.  If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or the terms your employment or service agreement, if any.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  3.  Termination of Service  .  In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service; the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  4.  Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)  To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction.  No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent:  (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below.  The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

(b)  Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c)  If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d)  To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
  (e)  This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.  Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described an defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws.  To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
  6.  Taxes  . 
  (a)  Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:  (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding of Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan.  You agree to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Item withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker / administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities.  To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance.  If the Company does not satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by the withholding of Shares and instead withholds proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount  

in cash to the extent that any over-withheld amount has not otherwise been remitted to the applicable tax authority and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent. 
  (c)  Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.  Tax and Legal Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES.  
  8.  Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.  Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.  Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  .  Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.  Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.  Voting and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Restricted Stock Units. 

13.  Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)  You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)  You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.  Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  14.  No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .   
  (a)  Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units     or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past.  All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee.  
  (b)  The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer     or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The value of the Restricted Stock Units     is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any).   
  (c)  You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d)  Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate.  The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
  (e)  The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 

(f)  The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease.  You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g)  No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim; if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim.  
  (h)  You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i)  You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (j)  Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
  15.  Governing Law and Forum  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.  Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.  Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.  Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  19.  Waiver  .  You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
  20.  Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
  21.  Language  .  If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  22.  Appendix  .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

23.  Imposition of Other Requirements  .      The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  24.  Acceptance of Agreement  .  You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you.  If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
  *          *          *          * 
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2012  
  and Prior to September 2013) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.   Restricted Stock Units  . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.   Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: ___________ percent (__%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each __________ anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under applicable local law. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  3.   Termination of Service  . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g.  , active Service would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units.  
  4.   Special Acceleration  . 
  (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
  (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
  (d) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
  (e) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.   Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and/or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
  6.   Taxes  . 
  (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding of Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. 
  (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
    
  7.   Tax and Legal Advice  . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION  

REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
  8.   Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.   Restriction on Transfer  . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.   Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.   Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
  12.   Voting and Other Rights  . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Restricted Stock Units. 
    
  13.   Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)   You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan  . 
  (b)   You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan  . 
  (c)   You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative  . 
    
  14.   No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  . 
  (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted  

repeatedly in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
  (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any). 
  (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any). 
  (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g) In consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
  (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (j) The Restricted Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
  15.   Governing Law and Forum  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.   Notices  . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.   Binding Effect  . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.   Severability  . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  19.   Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

20.   Language  . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  21.   Appendix  . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  22.   Imposition of Other Requirements  . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  23.   Acceptance of Agreement  . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
    
  *          *          *          * 
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2010 
   and Prior to September 2012) 
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Employee ID: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.   Restricted Stock Units  . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.   Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:                      (          %) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each              anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under applicable local law. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  3.   Termination of Service  . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (  e.g.  , active Service would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  4.   Special Acceleration  . 
  (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
  (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
  (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 

(d) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
  (e) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.   Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and/or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of: (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ) and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than five years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
  6.   Taxes  . 
  (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units; or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding of Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance.  
  (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
  7.   Tax and Legal Advice  . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 

8.   Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  9.   Restriction on Transfer  . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
  10.   Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions  . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and/or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  11.   Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws.     
  12.   Voting and Other Rights  . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Restricted Stock Units. 
  13.   Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)   You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)   You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (c)   You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  14.   No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .    
  (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
  (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to,  

calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any). 
  (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
  (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any). 
  (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
  (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
  (g) In consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
  (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
  (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  (j) The Restricted Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
  15.   Governing Law and Forum  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
  16.   Notices  . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  17.   Binding Effect  . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  18.   Severability  . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
  19.   Electronic Delivery  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
    
  20.   Language  . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
  21.   Appendix  . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application  

of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  22.   Imposition of Other Requirements  . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
  23.   Acceptance of Agreement  . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
    
  *          *          *          * 
  You acknowledge that by clicking on the   I agree   button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
  PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

PERFORMANCE RSU LETTER 
  [Date] 
  [Name] 
  [Address] 
  [Address] 
  Dear                              : 
  [introductory text] 
  Your leadership team has recommended that you receive a performance-based restricted stock unit (PRSU) right with a target of [                          ]. RSUs will be granted after the end of FY[          ] based upon the satisfaction of an FY[          ] performance condition. 
  The right to receive a grant of a restricted stock unit depends on Cisco s satisfaction of certain [                          ] targets for FY[          ]. Assuming those targets are met or exceeded, the restricted stock units that you are granted will vest [                          ] percent on the date of grant and [                          ] percent on each of the next [                  ] anniversaries of the date of grant thereafter, subject to your continued employment with Cisco or an affiliate on the applicable vesting date. On each vesting date, the vested units will be settled in Cisco common stock. In addition, in the unlikely event that a corporate transaction or change in control (each as defined in Cisco s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan) is consummated during FY[          ] or prior to the Compensation and Management Development Committee s Certification regarding satisfaction of the FY[          ] performance conditions, the performance-based restricted stock unit right will be deemed fully earned at target (100%) immediately prior to the effective date of the corporate transaction or the change in control, as the case may be, and will be settled in fully vested Cisco common stock at that time. 
  Lastly, please note that, if you are employed outside the United States, the Compensation and Management Development Committee can grant the PRSU Right to you, in its sole discretion, only if and as long as it is permitted and feasible to grant restricted stock units under the laws of the country in which you are employed. If local laws make the grant of restricted stock units illegal or impractical, Cisco will let you know as soon as possible. You are under no obligation to accept the PRSU Right or any restricted stock units that may subsequently be granted to you. 

[concluding text] 
        
      Sincerely, 

A  CTION   R  EQUIRED   : M  UST     BE     RETURNED     BY   [INSERT APPROPRIATE DATE] 

Deferral Election for  Annual Equity Award 
  2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

Name (Last, First, Middle Initial) 

Employee Number 

You may use this form to: 

Indicate the percentage of your annual restricted stock unit grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan that you wish to defer. Your elected percentage will apply to each vesting installment of such grant. 

Designate the settlement timing of the deferred portion of your vested annual restricted stock unit grant. 

PLEASE REMEMBER THAT ONCE YOU MAKE AN ELECTION TO DEFER A RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT, YOU CANNOT REVOKE THAT ELECTION. 

D  EFERRAL   E  LECTION     
      
    Please select if you wish to defer restricted stock units; fill in the appropriate blanks. 

Restricted Stock  Unit Grant 
      
    I elect to defer                      % (you may only insert 25%, 50%, 75%, or 100%) of my annual restricted stock unit award anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) on                          , 201          (subject to my continued employment with the Company or the Employer). I understand that this elected percentage will apply to each vesting installment of this grant. 

S  ETTLEMENT   D  ATE   * 
      
    Please complete this section to indicate settlement timing for the deferred portion of your vested annual restricted stock unit grant. You may only choose one alternative. 

OR 
      
    Separation of Service 

I elect to defer the settlement of the deferred portion of my vested annual restricted stock unit grant to my Separation from Service (as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code). 

Date Specific (subject  to earlier settlement  upon separation from service) 
      
    I elect to defer the settlement of the deferred portion of my vested annual restricted stock unit grant to the earlier of (i) my Separation from Service; or (ii) the first business day of 20                  (insert a year no earlier than [       ] and no later than [      ]. 

* 
    Any vested portion of the deferred portion of my restricted stock unit grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock. 

A  CTION   R  EQUIRED   : M  UST     BE     RETURNED     BY   [INSERT APPROPRIATE DATE] 

Deferral Election for 
  Annual Equity Award 
  2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

I understand: 

To the extent I do not elect to defer the settlement of my restricted stock unit grant, such portion of the restricted stock unit grant will be automatically settled in shares of the Company s common stock upon the vesting of the restricted stock unit grant (subject to acceleration in certain cases), as more fully set forth in the Stock Unit Agreement. 

Any vested portion of the deferred restricted stock unit grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock as elected by me above. 

If my Separation from Service occurs before my restricted stock unit grant vests, any unvested restricted stock units will be forfeited as of the date my Separation from Service occurs. 

Separation from Service  is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). While separation from service generally means termination of employment, a Separation from Service can also occur in the case of certain leaves of absence or upon a significant reduction in my work schedule. These events can trigger a  Separation from Service  resulting in the forfeiture of my unvested restricted stock units. 

Certain leaves of absence can result in the suspension of vesting of my unvested restricted stock units. If I take a leave of absence that suspends the vesting of my restricted stock units such that they are unvested as of the applicable distribution event (whether that is Separation from Service or a date specific I elected), my restricted stock units that are unvested at the time of such distribution event shall be forfeited. 

Any employment taxes that are due upon the vesting of my restricted stock unit grant (including the deferred portion of my grant) shall be deducted at the time of vesting by one or a combination of the following: 

(1) 
    withholding from my wages or other cash compensation payable to me by the Company or the Employer; 

(2) 
    withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon settlement of the restricted stock units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on my behalf pursuant to this authorization); 

(3) 
    withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the restricted stock units; or 

(4) 
    requiring me to satisfy the liability for any employment taxes by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. 

The receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to any restricted stock unit grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the stock unit grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. This is true whether or not I elect to defer settlement of my restricted stock units. 

The settlement of the deferred portion of my annual restricted stock unit grant upon my Separation from Service will be delayed for six     months. 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

Signature of Participant                                          Date 

Non-Employee Director Stock Unit 
  (Effective for Grants on and after  
  the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
    
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Stock Units: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.      Vesting of Stock Units  .  One-hundred percent (100%) of the total number of Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Grant Date. 
  3.      Settlement of Stock Units  .  Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such issuance complies with all applicable law; provided further, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after your Separation from Service.  Prior to the time that the Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  4.      Tax Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK UNITS.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  5.      Non-Transferability of Stock Units  .  Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law.       
  6.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  7.      Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  .    Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  8.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant  

to the Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  9.      Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Stock Units are settled upon your Separation from Service.  Dividend equivalents shall accrue and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
  10.      Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)    You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)    You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
  11.      Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  12.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  13.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  14.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

Non-Employee Director Initial RSU Grant 
  (For Grants Effective on and after the Date of the 
  Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders until 
   One Day Prior to the Date of the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
               
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
    
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

Vest Date:  
    ________________  (the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders following the initial election or appointment date) 
     To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.      Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your service on the Board continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  one-hundred percent (100%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. 
  3.      Termination of Service  .  Except as provided in Section 4 below, in the event of the termination of your Board service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
  4.      Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)    To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction or the Change in Control, as the case may be, and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (b)    If your service on the Board ceases as a result of your death or Disability, to the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (c)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.      Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 

6.      Tax Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES.  
  7.      Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  8.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  9.      Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  .    Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.      Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of Restricted Stock Units with a Grant Date on or after the Company s 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, dividend equivalents shall accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
  12.      Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)    You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)    You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
  13.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .   
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you.  These Restricted Stock Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of your compensation or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  (b)    Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to continue to serve on the Board of the Company for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or the Company s shareholders, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your service on the Board at any time, for any reason, with or without cause, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, the Company s Articles     of Incorporation     and Bylaws.  You shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific  

performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, these Restricted Stock Units or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (c)    You agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.      Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  15.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  17.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

Non-Employee Director Initial RSU Grant 
  (For Grants Beginning Fiscal 2009 and Prior to November 2012) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

First Vest Date: 
      
                                                                                               (the date of completion of the first year of service as a member of the Board measured from the initial election or appointment date) 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.     Restricted Stock Units   . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.     Vesting of Restricted Stock Units   . So long as your service on the Board continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: fifty percent (50%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and upon your completion of each year of service as a member of the Board thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. 
  3.     Termination of Service   . Except as provided in Section 4 below, in the event of the termination of your Board service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
  4.     Special Acceleration   . 
  (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction or the Change in Control, as the case may be, and shall become vested in full at that time. 
    
  (b) If your service on the Board ceases as a result of your death or Disability, to the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (c) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.     Settlement of Restricted Stock Units   . To the extent you have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. 

6.     Tax Advice   . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  7.     Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units   . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  8.     Restriction on Transfer   . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law.  
  9.     Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends   .   Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.     Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments   . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.     Voting and Other Rights   . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon vesting. 
  12.     Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information   . 
  (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b) Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon vesting, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  (c) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
    
  13.     No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation   . 
  (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you. These Restricted Stock Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a your compensation or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  (b) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to continue to serve on the Board of the Company for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or the Company s shareholders, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your service on the Board at any time, for any reason, with or without cause, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. You shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach  

of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, these Restricted Stock Units or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (c) You agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.     Governing Law   . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  15.     Notices   . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.     Binding Effect   . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  17.     Severability   . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

Non-Employee Director Annual RSU Grant 
  (For Grants Effective on and after the Date of the  
                                                                      Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders until One Day Prior to the Date of 
  the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
    
    This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

Vest Date: 
      
    The completion of one (1) year of Board service measured from the Grant Date. 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.      Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  So long as your service on the Board continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:  one-hundred percent (100%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. 
  3.      Termination of Service  .  Except as provided in Section 4 below, in the event of the termination of your Board service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
  4.      Special Acceleration  . 
  (a)    To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction or the Change in Control, as the case may be, and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (b)    If your service on the Board ceases as a result of your death or Disability, to the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (c)    This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.      Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  To the extent you have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless  

such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  6.      Tax Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES.  
  7.      Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  8.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  9.      Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  .    Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.      Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares.  To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of Restricted Stock Units with a Grant Date on or after the Company s 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, dividend equivalents shall accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
  12.      Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)    You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)    You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. 

13.      No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  .   
  (a)    Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award.  By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you.  These Restricted Stock Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of your compensation or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  (b)    Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to continue to serve on the Board of the Company for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or the Company s shareholders, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your service on the Board at any time, for any reason, with or without cause, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, the Company s Articles     of Incorporation     and Bylaws.  You shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, these Restricted Stock Units or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
  (c)    You agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.      Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  15.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  (a)      17.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ANNUAL RSU GRANT 
  (For Grants Beginning Fiscal 2009 Through the Date that is  
  One Day Prior to the Date of the Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

Vest Date: 
      
    The completion of one (1) year of Board service measured from the Grant Date. 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.     Restricted Stock Units  . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.     Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  . So long as your service on the Board continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: one-hundred percent (100%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. 
  3.     Termination of Service  . Except as provided in Section 4 below, in the event of the termination of your Board service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
  4.     Special Acceleration  . 
  (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction or the Change in Control, as the case may be, and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (b) If your service on the Board ceases as a result of your death or Disability, to the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate and shall become vested in full at that time. 
  (c) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
  5.     Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  . To the extent you have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. 
  6.     Tax Advice  . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND  

REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  7.     Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
  8.     Restriction on Transfer  . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
    
  9.     Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  10.     Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  11.     Voting and Other Rights  . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon vesting. 
  12.     Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b) Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon vesting, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  (c) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
  13.     No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation  . 
  (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards to you. These Restricted Stock Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a your compensation or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
  (b) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to continue to serve on the Board of the Company for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or the Company s shareholders, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your service on the Board at any time, for any reason, with or without cause, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. You shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, these Restricted Stock Units or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 

(c) You agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
  14.     Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  15.     Notices  . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  16.     Binding Effect  . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  17.     Severability  . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK UNIT 
   IN LIEU OF ANNUAL RETAINER 
  (For Grants Effective on and after the Date of the  
                                                                                                 Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Prior to the                                                                                                                                     2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
    
    This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.      Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.      Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  .  One-hundred percent (100%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Grant Date. 
  3.      Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such issuance complies with all applicable law.  Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  4.      Tax Advice  .  You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.  YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.  NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
  5.      Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  .  Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law.       
  6.      Restriction on Transfer  .  Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including  

the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
  7.      Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  .    Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  8.      Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  .  You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  9.      Voting, Dividend and Other Rights  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon your Separation from Service.  Dividend equivalents shall accrue and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
  10.      Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a)    You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
  (b)    You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
  11.      Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  12.      Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  13.      Binding Effect  .  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  14.      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.  In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK UNIT  
  IN LIEU OF ANNUAL RETAINER 
  (For Grants Effective Prior to  the Date of the  
  Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
    
  CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
  This Stock Unit Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows: 

Grantee: 

Grant Date: 

Grant Number: 

Restricted Stock Units: 

To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.     Restricted Stock Units  . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
  2.     Vesting of Restricted Stock Units  . One-hundred percent (100%) of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Grant Date. 
  3.     Settlement of Restricted Stock Units  . Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A ( Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax withholding obligations and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
  4.     Tax Advice  . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES.  
  5.     Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units  . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. However, this Section 5 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive vested Shares pursuant to this award in the event of your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Shares pursuant to this award by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
  6.     Restriction on Transfer  . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 

7.     Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends  . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
  8.     Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments  . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
  9.     Voting and Other Rights  . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
  10.     Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information  . 
  (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the  Data ) regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan.  
  (b) Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
  (c) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
  11.     Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
  12.     Notices  . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
  13.     Binding Effect  . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
  14.     Severability  . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

DATED: 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 

By: 

Title: 

GRANTEE 

(Effective For Elections With Respect To Grants  Made After The Date Of The Company s   2016 Annual Meeting Of Shareholders) 
    
  NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTIONS  INITIAL ANNUAL RETAINER   EQUITY GRANT 
  INITIAL ANNUAL RETAINER 
  The alternatives for the fiscal ________ initial annual retainer for non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) are:  
             
    a non-deferred cash payment (default option), 
                
    a   deferred   cash payment under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan (the  DCP ), 
                
    a vested stock grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), and/or 
                
    a vested   deferred   stock unit ( DSU ) grant under the Plan. 
     If you make no elections below, you will receive your full initial annual retainer in non-deferred cash. 
  I, being a prospective newly elected or appointed non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below elections with respect to my initial annual retainer for the first year (or partial year) of Board service commencing on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company.  (The Election Amount must total 100%.) 
                   Alternative 
    Election Amount 
  (0% to 100%, in increments of 25%) 
    Election under the DCP 
  Separation from Service 
      Non-Deferred Cash 
  (default option) 

% 
  (e.g. 0%, 25%, 50%, 75% or 100%) 
    N/A 
    
      Deferred   Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
          % 
    I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose   one   of the options below): 
           as soon as practicable after my  Separation from Service,  but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
           as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my  Separation from Service,  but no later than January 31. 
      Vested Stock Grant 
    
          % 
    N/A 
      Vested DSU Grant 

% 
    N/A 
      TOTAL 
    
    100% 

I understand the following: 
             
    If I elect to receive   deferred cash   under the DCP: 
              o 
    I authorize the Company to share my personal information with the third-party DCP administrator so that the DCP administrator can begin the enrollment process in order for me to make investment and beneficiary elections pursuant to the terms of the DCP. 
              o 
    I will receive my DCP account balance in a cash lump sum, taxable as ordinary income, pursuant to my election above.  If I make no election, I will receive my DCP account balance as soon as practicable after my  Separation from Service  within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, which generally will be the date my service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company terminates; provided however, such payment date will be no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 

If I elect to receive a   vested stock grant  , the shares will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the  Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
                
    If I elect to receive a   vested DSU grant  : 
              o 
    The DSU grant will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the Fair Market Value. 
              o 
    The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Dividend equivalents   will accrue   on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

[INITIAL EQUITY GRANT ELECTION ON NEXT PAGE] 

INITIAL EQUITY GRANT 
  I further (check one) (i)          ELECT   or (ii)           DO NOT ELECT   to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant of fully vested shares of stock anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) on the date of my election or appointment in connection with my initial election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company for the year of Board service commencing on such date. 
  I understand the following: 
             
    If I do not elect to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant, the shares will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the  Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
                
    If I elect to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant: 
              o 
    The grant will not be issued in shares of the Company s common stock as set forth above, but instead will be granted as a fully vested deferred stock unit ( DSU ) on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the Fair Market Value. 
              o 
    The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my  Separation from Service  within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Dividend equivalents   will accrue   on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 
     * * * * * 
  I understand that these elections will be effective only if received by the Company s Legal Department on or before the date of my election or appointment. 

Signature of Non-Employee Director 
      
    Date 

* Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential elections. 

(Effective on and after the Date of the Company's                                                                                               2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders until the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
    
  NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTION      INITIAL EQUITY AWARD 
  I, being a prospective newly elected or appointed non-employee member of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby (check one): 
  (i)   o     ELECT   or (ii)   o     DO NOT ELECT   to defer the settlement of my total initial restricted stock unit award anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) on the date of my election or appointment in connection with my initial election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
  I understand the following: 
             
    If I do not elect to defer the settlement of my initial restricted stock unit grant, the grant will be automatically settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, the vesting of the grant on the date of the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders following the date of grant (subject to acceleration in certain cases), as more fully set forth in the Stock Unit Agreement. 
                
    If my  Separation from Service  within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ( Separation from Service ) occurs before my initial restricted stock unit grant vests, the grant will be forfeited. 
                
    If I elect to defer the settlement of my initial restricted stock unit grant: 
              o 
    The grant will not be settled in shares of the Company s common stock upon the above-described vesting date, but instead will be deferred and settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Dividend equivalents   will accrue after the deferred stock unit grant vests   and will be credited as additional deferred stock units to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to any deferred stock unit grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the deferred stock unit grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 
       
  * * * * * 
  I understand that this election will be effective only if received by the Company s Legal Department on or before the date of my election or appointment. 

Signature of Non-Employee Director 
      
    Date 

* Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential election. 

(Effective For Elections With Respect To Grants  Made After The Date Of The Company s  2016 Annual Meeting Of Shareholders) 
    
  NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTIONS  ANNUAL RETAINER   EQUITY GRANT 
  ANNUAL RETAINER 
  The alternatives for the fiscal ________ annual retainer (anticipated to be $75,000) for non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) are:  
             
    a non-deferred cash payment (default option), 
                
    a   deferred   cash payment under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan (the  DCP ), 
                
    a vested stock grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), and/or 
                
    a vested   deferred   stock unit ( DSU ) grant under the Plan. 
     If you make no elections below, you will receive your full annual retainer in non-deferred cash. 
  I, being a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below elections with respect to my annual retainer for the next year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  (The Election Amount must total 100%.) 
                   Alternative 
    Election Amount 
  (0% to 100%, in increments of 25%) 
    Election under the DCP 
  Separation from Service 
      Non-Deferred Cash 
  (default option) 

% 
  (e.g. 0%, 25%, 50%, 75% or 100%) 
    N/A 
    
      Deferred   Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
          % 
    I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose   one   of the options below): 
    as soon as practicable after my  Separation from Service,  but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
   as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my  Separation from Service,  but no later than January 31. 
      Vested Stock Grant 
    
          % 
    N/A 
      Vested DSU Grant 

% 
    N/A 
      TOTAL 
    
    100% 

I understand the following: 
             
    If I elect to receive   deferred cash   under the DCP: 
              o 
    I authorize the Company to share my personal information with the third-party DCP administrator so that the DCP administrator can begin the enrollment process in order for me to make investment and beneficiary elections pursuant to the terms of the DCP. 
              o 
    I will receive my DCP account balance in a cash lump sum, taxable as ordinary income, pursuant to my election above. If I make no election, I will receive my DCP account balance as soon as practicable after my  Separation from Service  within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, which generally will be the date my service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company terminates; provided however, such payment date will be no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 

If I elect to receive a   vested stock grant  , the shares will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the  Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
                
    If I elect to receive a   vested DSU grant  : 
              o 
    The DSU grant will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the Fair Market Value. 
              o 
    The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Dividend equivalents   will accrue   on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

[ANNUAL EQUITY GRANT ELECTION ON NEXT PAGE] 

ANNUAL EQUITY GRANT 
  I further (check one) (i)           ELECT   or (ii)           DO NOT ELECT   to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant of fully vested shares of stock anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) on the date of the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
  I understand the following: 
             
    If I do not elect to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant, the shares will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the  Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
                
    If I elect to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant: 
              o 
    The grant will not be issued in shares of the Company s common stock as set forth above, but instead will be granted as a fully vested deferred stock unit ( DSU ) on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the Fair Market Value. 
              o 
    The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my  Separation from Service  within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Dividend equivalents   will accrue   on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service; provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
              o 
    Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 
       
  * * * * * 
  I understand that these elections will be effective only if received by _______________ on or before _________ [December 31, [PRECEDING YEAR]]. 

Signature of Non-Employee Director 
      
    Date 

* Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential elections. 

(Effective December 2014 until the Company's 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTIONS 
  ANNUAL RETAINER   EQUITY AWARD 
    
  ANNUAL RETAINER 
  The alternatives for the fiscal ________ annual retainer (anticipated to be $75,000) for non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the  Company ) are:  
             
    a non-deferred cash payment (default option), 
                
    a   deferred   cash payment under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan (the  DCP ), 
                
    a vested stock grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), and/or 
                
    a vested   deferred   stock unit grant under the Plan. 
     If you make no elections below, you will receive your full annual retainer in non-deferred cash. 
  I, being a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below elections with respect to my annual retainer for the next year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. (The Election Amount must total 100%.) 
                   Alternative 
    Election Amount 
  (0% to 100%, in increments of 25%) 
    Election under the DCP 
  Separation from Service 
      Non-Deferred Cash 
  (default option) 

% 
  (e.g. 0%, 25%, 50%, 75% or 100%) 
    N/A 
      Deferred   Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
                 % 
    I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose   one   of the options below): 
     o    as soon as practicable after my  Separation from Service  
     o   as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my  Separation from Service  
      Vested Stock Grant 
                 % 
    N/A 
      Vested Deferred 
  Stock Unit Grant 
    
                 % 
    N/A 
      TOTAL 
    100% 

I understand the following: 
             
    If I elect to receive   deferred cash   under the DCP: 
                
    I authorize the Company to share my personal information with the third-party DCP administrator so that the DCP administrator can begin the enrollment process in order for me to make investment and beneficiary elections pursuant to the terms of the DCP. 
                
    I will receive my DCP account balance in a cash lump sum, taxable as ordinary income, pursuant to my election above.  If I make no election, I will receive my DCP account balance as soon as practicable after my  Separation from Service  within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, which generally will be the date my service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company terminates. 

If I elect to receive a   vested stock grant  , the shares will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the  Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
                
    If I elect to receive a   vested deferred stock unit grant  : 

The deferred stock unit grant will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the Fair Market Value. 
                
    The deferred stock unit grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service.  
                
    Dividend equivalents   will accrue   on the vested deferred stock unit grant and will be credited as additional deferred stock units to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service. 
                
    Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the deferred stock unit grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the deferred stock unit grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

[ANNUAL EQUITY AWARD ELECTION ON NEXT PAGE] 

ANNUAL EQUITY AWARD 
  I further (check one) (i)      o     ELECT   or (ii)    o     DO NOT ELECT   to defer the settlement of my total annual restricted stock unit award anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) on the date of the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
  I understand the following: 
             
    If I do not elect to defer the settlement of my annual restricted stock unit grant, the grant will be automatically settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, the vesting of the grant upon the completion of one year of Board service following the date of grant (subject to acceleration in certain cases), as more fully set forth in the Stock Unit Agreement.   
                
    If my Separation from Service occurs before my annual restricted stock unit grant vests, the grant will be forfeited. 
                
    If I elect to defer the settlement of my annual restricted stock unit grant: 
                
    The grant will not be settled in shares of the Company s common stock upon the above-described vesting date, but instead will be deferred and settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service. 
                
    Dividend equivalents   will accrue after the deferred stock unit grant vests   and will be credited as additional deferred stock units to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service. 
                
    Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to any deferred stock unit grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the deferred stock unit grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 
       
  * * * * * 
  I understand that these elections will be effective only if received by _____________________________ on or before ____________ [December 31, [PRECEDING YEAR]]. 

Signature of Non-Employee Director 
      
    Date 

* Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential elections. 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  VESTING ACCELERATION POLICY 
  FOR 
  DEATH AND TERMINAL ILLNESS 
  AS AMENDED JANUARY 27, 2016 
  Unless and until the Compensation   Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. determines otherwise, the following policy shall be applied to all outstanding equity awards issued under any equity plan maintained Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary, including outstanding equity awards and/or equity plans assumed by Cisco in connection with its acquisition of companies, and held by any employee of Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary (each such award shall be referred to herein as an  equity award ), except to the extent that the application of such policy would be prohibited any applicable law, rule or regulation or would result in adverse legal or tax consequences thereunder. 
  For purposes of this policy: 

the value of stock options and stock appreciation rights is based on the difference between the exercise price of the equity awards and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date of the employee s death or terminal illness, as applicable, or if such day is not a trading day, the last trading day prior to the date of death or terminal illness, as applicable;  

the value of stock grants, stock units, and unvested shares previously acquired pursuant to equity awards (such shares are referred to herein as  unvested equity award shares ) is based on the difference between the purchase price, if any, and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date of the employee s death or terminal illness, as applicable, or if such day is not a trading day, the last trading day prior to the date of death or terminal illness, as applicable; 

unvested equity award shares  includes outstanding and unvested performance-based restricted stock or stock unit awards and the accelerated vesting of such awards will be deemed to occur at target levels, subject to the specified limits below; and 

to the extent the vesting of any performance-based restricted stock or stock unit award is accelerated pursuant to this policy, the award will be settled upon the death or terminal illness of an employee, as the case may be, except that if the applicable award is subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ( Code Section 409A ) and such terminal illness does not qualify as a  Disability  within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then the award will instead be settled on the fixed payment date following the end of the performance period on which the applicable award is normally paid out. 

ACCELERATION UPON DEATH OF EMPLOYEE 
  Upon the death of an employee, Cisco will accelerate the vesting of the employee s outstanding equity awards and any unvested equity award shares up to a specified limit based on the value of the equity awards and/or shares on the date of death. The limit on the amount of accelerated vesting is the greater of: (a) one-hundred percent (100%) of the unvested equity awards and/or unvested equity award shares up to a total value of $10 million; or (b) up to one year of vesting from the date of death as to all unvested equity awards and/or unvested equity award shares. For example, if an employee held unvested options for 100,000 shares with an exercise price of $1 which would vest in four annual installments of 25,000 shares, and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date of the employee s death was $101, all 100,000 of the shares would become vested (100,000 shares x $100 (the difference between $101 and $1) = $10,000,000). 
  ACCELERATION UPON TERMINAL ILLNESS OF EMPLOYEE 
  Upon the terminal illness of an employee, Cisco will accelerate the vesting of the employee s outstanding equity awards and any unvested equity award shares up to a specified limit based on the value of the equity awards and/or shares on the date of the terminal illness. An employee will be considered terminally ill upon the approval by Cisco s employee life insurance provider of the accelerated life insurance benefit which indicates 12 months or less to live. When a request is made to accelerate the vesting of an employee s outstanding equity awards and early life insurance payouts are not also requested, an employee will be considered terminally ill upon the approval by Cisco s external, independent medical review vendor (which may include Cisco s employee life insurance provider). The date of terminal illness will be the date the determination is made by Cisco s employee life insurance provider or Cisco s external, independent medical review vendor. The limit on the amount of accelerated vesting is the greater of: (a) one-hundred percent (100%) of the unvested equity awards and/or unvested equity award shares up to a total value of $10 million; or (b) up to one year of vesting from the date of the terminal illness as to all unvested equity awards and/or unvested equity award shares. For example, if an employee holds unvested options for 100,000 shares with an exercise price of $1 which would vest in four annual installments of 25,000 shares, and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date that the employee is determined to be terminally ill was $101, all 100,000 of the shares would become vested (100,000 shares x $100 (the difference between $101 and $1) = $10,000,000). 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  VESTING POLICY 
  FOR 
  LEAVES OF ABSENCE 
  AS  AMENDED JANUARY 27, 2016 
  Unless and until the Compensation   Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. determines otherwise, the following policy shall be applied to all outstanding equity awards issued under any equity plan maintained Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary, including outstanding equity awards and/or equity plans assumed by Cisco in connection with its acquisition of companies, and held by any employee of Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary (each such award shall be referred to herein as an  equity award ), except to the extent that the application of such policy would be prohibited by any applicable law, rule or regulation or would result in adverse legal or tax consequences thereunder. 
  90 DAYS CONTINUED VESTING ON AUTHORIZED LEAVES OF ABSENCE 
  The exercise or vesting schedule in effect for any outstanding equity award and any unvested shares previously acquired pursuant to any equity award (such shares referred to herein as  unvested equity award shares ) held by an employee at the time of the employee s commencement of an authorized leave of absence shall continue to vest and/or become exercisable in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the applicable equity award agreement during the period the employee remains on such authorized leave of absence; provided that, in no event shall any employee be entitled to vest for more than 90 days of authorized leaves of absence during any rolling 12-month period (the  LOA Limit ). 
  If an employee exceeds the LOA Limit during any rolling 12-month period, the unvested equity award shares held by such an employee shall be suspended immediately following the expiration of the LOA Limit and the equity award and any unvested equity shares shall not vest and/or become exercisable for any additional shares during the remainder of the rolling 12-month period. 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
  TRANSFER POLICY 
  FOR 
  DIVORCE 
  Unless and until the Compensation   Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. determines otherwise, the following policy shall be applied to all equity awards issued under any equity plan maintained Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary, including equity awards and/or equity plans assumed by Cisco in connection with its acquisition of companies, and held by any employee of Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary (each such award shall be referred to herein as an  equity award ), except to the extent that the application of such policy would be prohibited by the applicable equity plan, equity award agreement or any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
  PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF EQUITY AWARDS UPON DIVORCE 
  Except as provided below, equity awards and any unvested shares acquired pursuant to equity awards shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process in connection with the divorce of the holder of such equity award or shares. Equity awards and any unvested shares acquired pursuant to equity awards may be transferred by an executive officer of Cisco only to the extent required by a domestic relations order, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or the rules thereunder, in settlement of marital property rights by any court of competent jurisdiction. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exh211subsidiariesofthereg.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
                 Subsidiaries 
    State Or Other 
  Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or 
  Organization 
      47Line Technologies LLC 
    Delaware 
      47Line Technologies Private Limited 
    India 
      Acano (UK) Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Acano AS 
    Norway 
      Acano Federal LLC 
    Delaware 
      Acano LLC 
    Delaware 
      Accompani Canada 
    Canada 
      Accompani, Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Airespace Wireless Networks Private Limited 
    India 
      AppDynamics Aktiebolag 
    Sweden 
      AppDynamics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd 
    Singapore 
      AppDynamics International LLC 
    Delaware 
      AppDynamics International Ltd. 
    United Kingdom 
      AppDynamics Japan GK 
    Japan 
      AppDynamics LLC 
    Delaware 
      AppDynamics Netherlands B.V. in liquidation/in liquidatie 
    Netherlands 
      AppDynamics Proprietary Limited 
    South Africa 
      AppDynamics S. de R.L. de C.V. 
    Mexico 
      AppDynamics S.L.U. 
    Spain 
      AppDynamics S.r.l. in Liquidazione 
    Italy 
      AppDynamics SA 
    Switzerland 
      AppDynamics Sdn. Bhd. 
    Malaysia 
      AppDynamics Technologies FZ-LLC 
    United Arab Emirates 
      AppDynamics Technologies India Private Limited 
    India 
      AppDynamics Technologies Intermediacao de Software Ltda. 
    Brazil 
      AppDynamics Technologies ULC 
    Canada 
      AppDynamics UK Ltd 
    United Kingdom 
      Beaumaris Networks LLC 
    Delaware 
      Beijing NDS Information Technology Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      BGPmon Network Solutions Inc. 
    Canada 
      BroadHop India Private Limited 
    India 
      BroadHop International B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      BroadHop LLC 
    Delaware 
      BroadSoft Adaption LLC 
    Delaware 
      BroadSoft Australia Pty Limited 
    Australia 
      BroadSoft Brazil Software Ltda. 
    Brazil 
      BroadSoft Bulgaria EOOD 
    Bulgaria 
      BroadSoft Contact Center LLC 
    Delaware 
      BroadSoft Design LLC 
    Delaware 
      BroadSoft Finland Oy 
    Finland 
      BroadSoft Germany GmbH 
    Germany 
      BroadSoft Hospitality, Inc. 
    Florida 
      BroadSoft iLinc Communications LLC 
    Delaware 
      BroadSoft International LLC 
    Delaware 
      BroadSoft Italy Srl 
    Italy 
      BroadSoft Japan KK 
    Japan 
      BroadSoft Ltd 
    United Kingdom 
      BroadSoft Mexico SA de CV 
    Mexico 
      BroadSoft Netherlands B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      BroadSoft SAS 
    France 

1 

Subsidiaries 
    State Or Other 
  Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or 
  Organization 
      BroadSoft Technologies Private Ltd. 
    India 
      BroadSoft UK Holding Company Ltd 
    United Kingdom 
      BroadSoft UK Operating Company Ltd 
    United Kingdom 
      BroadSoft, Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Callway LLC 
    Delaware 
      Castup Israel Ltd. 
    Israel 
      Center for Cisco Heritage, LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco (China) Innovation Technology Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      Cisco (China) Technology Services Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      Cisco (Saudi Arabia) Support Limited 
    Saudi Arabia 
      Cisco Bahrain (SPC) 
    Bahrain 
      Cisco Bilgisayar ve Internet Sistemleri Limited Sirketi 
    Turkey 
      Cisco Capital (Dubai) Limited 
    United Arab Emirates 
      Cisco Capital Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
    Mexico 
      Cisco China Company, Limited 
    China 
      Cisco China Holdings (HK) Limited 
    Hong Kong 
      Cisco Comercio e Servicos de Hardware e Software do Brasil Ltda 
    Brazil 
      Cisco Commerce India Private Limited 
    India 
      Cisco Development India Private Limited 
    India 
      Cisco do Brasil Ltda 
    Brazil 
      Cisco Dutch Holdings B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Holdings Cayman Ltd 
    Cayman Islands 
      Cisco Innovation International S rl 
    Switzerland 
      Cisco International Israel Limited 
    Israel 
      Cisco International Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Cisco International Taiwan, Ltd. 
    Taiwan 
      Cisco Internetworking Limited Liability Company 
    Armenia 
      Cisco Internetworking Systems Hellas S.A. 
    Greece 
      Cisco Investments B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Investments LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco Ironport Systems LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco ISH B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Malaysia Managed Services SDN. BHD. 
    Malaysia 
      Cisco Managed Services Nigeria Limited 
    Nigeria 
      Cisco Managed Solutions, Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Cisco MindMeld LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco Morocco 
    Morocco 
      Cisco Norway AS 
    Norway 
      Cisco Norway Holdings AS 
    Norway 
      Cisco OpenDNS LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco Optical GmbH 
    Germany 
      Cisco Photonics Italy S.r.l. 
    Italy 
      Cisco QSTP-LLC 
    Qatar 
      Cisco Ravenscourt LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco Renting Italy S.r.l. 
    Italy 
      Cisco RG Israel Ltd 
    Israel 
      Cisco Saudi Arabia Limited 
    Saudi Arabia 
      Cisco SCM (Thailand) Limited 
    Thailand 
      Cisco Serbia doo Beograd 
    Serbia 
      Cisco Services (Hong Kong) Limited 
    Hong Kong 
      Cisco Services Korea Limited 
    Republic of Korea 
      Cisco Services Malaysia SDN BHD 
    Malaysia 

2 

Subsidiaries 
    State Or Other 
  Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or 
  Organization 
      Cisco Solutions GmbH 
    Germany 
      Cisco Solutions Guatemala, Limitada 
    Guatemala 
      Cisco Systems (Argentina) S.A. 
    Argentina 
      Cisco Systems (Bermuda) Holdings Ltd. 
    Bermuda 
      Cisco Systems (China) Information Technology Services Limited 
    China 
      Cisco Systems (China) Networking Technology Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      Cisco Systems (China) Research and Development Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      Cisco Systems (Colombia) Limitada 
    Colombia 
      Cisco Systems (Czech Republic) s.r.o. 
    Czech Republic 
      Cisco Systems (Ethiopia) PLC 
    Ethiopia 
      Cisco Systems (HK) Holdings Limited 
    Hong Kong 
      Cisco Systems (HK) Limited 
    Hong Kong 
      Cisco Systems (India) Private Limited 
    India 
      Cisco Systems (Italy) S.r.l. 
    Italy 
      Cisco Systems (Jordan) 
    Jordan 
      Cisco Systems (Korea) Limited 
    Republic of Korea 
      Cisco Systems (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. 
    Malaysia 
      Cisco Systems (Myanmar) Company Limited 
    Myanmar 
      Cisco Systems (Nigeria) Limited 
    Nigeria 
      Cisco Systems (Puerto Rico) Corp. 
    Delaware 
      Cisco Systems (Scotland) Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Cisco Systems (Senegal) SUARL 
    Senegal 
      Cisco Systems (Shanghai) Video Technology Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      Cisco Systems (South Africa) (Proprietary) Limited 
    South Africa 
      Cisco Systems (Spain), S.L. 
    Spain 
      Cisco Systems (Sweden) AB 
    Sweden 
      Cisco Systems (Switzerland) GmbH 
    Switzerland 
      Cisco Systems (Switzerland) Investments Ltd. 
    Bermuda 
      Cisco Systems (Thailand) Limited 
    Thailand 
      Cisco Systems (Trinidad   Tobago) Limited 
    Trinidad and Tobago 
      Cisco Systems (USA) Pte. Ltd. 
    Singapore 
      Cisco Systems Algeria EURL 
    Algeria 
      Cisco Systems Australia Pty Limited 
    Australia 
      Cisco Systems Austria GmbH 
    Austria 
      Cisco Systems Belgium SPRL 
    Belgium 
      Cisco Systems Bulgaria EOOD 
    Bulgaria 
      Cisco Systems Canada Co. / Les Systemes Cisco Canada CIE 
    Canada 
      Cisco Systems Capital (Australia) Pty Limited 
    Australia 
      Cisco Systems Capital (India) Private Limited 
    India 
      Cisco Systems Capital (Korea) Limited 
    Republic of Korea 
      Cisco Systems Capital (Thailand) Limited 
    Thailand 
      Cisco Systems Capital Asia Pte. Ltd. 
    Singapore 
      Cisco Systems Capital Canada Co./Les Systemes Cisco Capital Canada CIE 
    Canada 
      Cisco Systems Capital China Corporation 
    China 
      Cisco Systems Capital Corporation 
    Nevada 
      Cisco Systems Capital France SAS 
    France 
      Cisco Systems Capital GmbH 
    Germany 
      Cisco Systems Capital Italy S.r.l. in Liquidazione 
    Italy 
      Cisco Systems Capital K.K. 
    Japan 
      Cisco Systems Capital Netherlands B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Systems Capital SDN. BHD. 
    Malaysia 
      Cisco Systems Capital South Africa (Proprietary) Limited 
    South Africa 

3 

Subsidiaries 
    State Or Other 
  Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or 
  Organization 
      Cisco Systems Capital Spain, S.L. 
    Spain 
      Cisco Systems Chile S.A. 
    Chile 
      Cisco Systems Costa Rica, Sociedad Anonima 
    Costa Rica 
      Cisco Systems Croatia Ltd. For Trade 
    Croatia 
      Cisco Systems Cyprus Ltd. 
    Cyprus 
      Cisco Systems Danmark ApS 
    Denmark 
      Cisco Systems de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
    Mexico 
      Cisco Systems Dominicana, S.R.L. 
    Dominican Republic 
      Cisco Systems Ecuador S.A. 
    Ecuador 
      Cisco Systems Egypt Ltd. 
    Egypt 
      Cisco Systems El Salvador, Ltda. de C.V. 
    El Salvador 
      Cisco Systems Estonia OU 
    Estonia 
      Cisco Systems Finance International Unlimited Company 
    Ireland 
      Cisco Systems Finance International Unlimited Company 
    Israel 
      Cisco Systems Finland OY 
    Finland 
      Cisco Systems France Sarl 
    France 
      Cisco Systems G.K. 
    Japan 
      Cisco Systems GmbH 
    Germany 
      Cisco Systems Holding GmbH 
    Germany 
      Cisco Systems Holdings UK Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Cisco Systems Hungary Ltd. / Cisco Systems Hungary Servicing and Trading Limited Liability Company 
    Hungary 
      Cisco Systems International B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Systems International FZ-LLC 
    United Arab Emirates 
      Cisco Systems International S rl 
    Switzerland 
      Cisco Systems Internetworking (Ireland) Limited 
    Ireland 
      Cisco Systems Internetworking d.o.o. Za Marketing, Tehnicke I Druge Usluge Sarajevo 
    Bosnia and Herzegovina 
      Cisco Systems Internetworking Iletisim Hizmetleri Limited Sirketi 
    Turkey 
      Cisco Systems Island Ehf. 
    Iceland 
      Cisco Systems Israel Ltd. 
    Israel 
      Cisco Systems Jamaica Limited 
    Jamaica 
      Cisco Systems Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Cisco Systems LLC 
    Oman 
      Cisco Systems Luxembourg International s.  r.l. 
    Luxembourg 
      Cisco Systems Luxembourg s.  r.l. 
    Luxembourg 
      Cisco Systems Macedonia DOOEL Skopje 
    Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of 
      Cisco Systems Management B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Systems Mo ambique, Limitada 
    Mozambique 
      Cisco Systems Netherlands Holdings B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Systems New Zealand Limited 
    New Zealand 
      Cisco Systems Norway AS 
    Norway 
      Cisco Systems Pakistan (Private) Limited 
    Pakistan 
      Cisco Systems Panama S. de R.L. 
    Panama 
      Cisco Systems Peru S.A. 
    Peru 
      Cisco Systems Poland Sp. z o. o. 
    Poland 
      Cisco Systems Portugal - Sistemas Inform ticos, Sociedade Unipessoal, Limitada 
    Portugal 
      Cisco Systems Romania S.r.l. 
    Romania 
      Cisco Systems Services B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Cisco Systems Slovakia, spol. s. r.o. 
    Slovakia 
      Cisco Systems Taiwan, Ltd. 
    Taiwan 
      Cisco Systems Uruguay S.R.L. 
    Uruguay 

4 

Subsidiaries 
    State Or Other 
  Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or 
  Organization 
      Cisco Systems Venezuela, C.A. 
    Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela 
      Cisco Systems Vietnam Limited (Cong Ty Trach Nhiem Huu Han Cisco Systems Vietnam) 
    Vietnam 
      Cisco Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd 
    China 
      Cisco Technologies (Thailand) Limited 
    Thailand 
      Cisco Technologies New Zealand Limited 
    New Zealand 
      Cisco Technologies Philippines, Inc. 
    Philippines 
      Cisco Technology (China) Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      Cisco Technology and Services (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 
    South Africa 
      Cisco Technology Bangladesh Ltd. 
    Bangladesh 
      Cisco Technology Belgium BVBA 
    Belgium 
      Cisco Technology Denmark ApS 
    Denmark 
      Cisco Technology Services (Dalian) Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      Cisco Technology, Inc. 
    California 
      Cisco THV LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco Tunisia SARL 
    Tunisia 
      Cisco Video Technologies France SAS 
    France 
      Cisco Video Technologies India Private Limited 
    India 
      Cisco WebEx LLC 
    Delaware 
      Cisco Worldwide Holdings Ltd. 
    Bermuda 
      Cisco-Navini Networks LLC 
    Delaware 
      CliQr Technologies India Pvt Ltd 
    India 
      CliQr Technologies LLC 
    California 
      CloudLock LLC 
    Delaware 
      CloudLock UK Ltd 
    United Kingdom 
      Cloudlock, Ltd. 
    Israel 
      Cloupia LLC 
    California 
      Cloupia Software Solutions Private Limited 
    India 
      Cognitive Security s.r.o. 
    Czech Republic 
      CoreOptics LLC 
    Delaware 
      CSI BD (Mauritius) 
    Mauritius 
      CSI Mauritius Inc. 
    Mauritius 
      Cyber Security S.L. 
    Spain 
      Digi-Media Vision Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      DocumentReady ApS 
    Denmark 
      ExtendMedia LLC 
    Delaware 
      Greenfield Networks LLC 
    California 
      Greenfield Networks Technologies Private Limited 
    India 
      Intucell Ltd. 
    Israel 
      Jasper International Services LLC 
    Delaware 
      Jasper Netherlands B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Jasper Technologies Australia Pty Ltd 
    Australia 
      Jasper Technologies Canada Limited 
    Canada 
      Jasper Technologies Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Jasper Technologies LLC 
    Delaware 
      Jasper Technologies Singapore Pte Ltd. 
    Singapore 
      Jasper Tecnologia do Brasil Ltda. 
    Brazil 
      JouleX GmbH 
    Germany 
      JouleX LLC 
    Delaware 
      Lancope LLC 
    Delaware 
      Leaba Semiconductor Ltd. 
    Israel 
      Limited Liability Company Cisco Capital CIS 
    Russian Federation 

5 

Subsidiaries 
    State Or Other 
  Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or 
  Organization 
      Limited Liability Company Cisco Innovation Center 
    Russian Federation 
      Limited Liability Company Cisco Solutions 
    Russian Federation 
      Limited Liability Company Cisco Systems 
    Russian Federation 
      Memoir Systems India Pvt Ltd 
    India 
      Memoir Systems LLC 
    California 
      Meraki Japan G.K. 
    Japan 
      Meraki Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Meraki LLC 
    Delaware 
      Meraki Networks Australia Pty Limited 
    Australia 
      Mnemonic Technologies LLC 
    California 
      mPortal (India) Wireless Solutions Private Limited 
    India 
      Navini Networks Private Limited 
    India 
      NDS Americas LLC 
    Delaware 
      NDS Canada ULC 
    Canada 
      NDS Denmark ApS 
    Denmark 
      NDS Denmark Holding A/S 
    Denmark 
      NDS Finance Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      NDS Group Holdings Limited 
    Bermuda 
      NDS Group Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      NDS Holdings B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      NDS Israel Ltd. 
    Israel 
      NDS Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      NDS Marketing Israel Limited 
    Israel 
      NDS Sweden AB 
    Sweden 
      NDS Video Technologies Private Limited 
    Singapore 
      Neohapsis EMEA Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Neohapsis International LLC 
    Delaware 
      Neohapsis LLC 
    Delaware 
      Neohapsis Software Private Limited 
    India 
      Neohapsis, Inc. 
    Illinois 
      News Datacom Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      newScale LLC 
    California 
      newScale Software Private Limited 
    India 
      Observable Networks LLC 
    Delaware 
      One Mainstream LLC 
    Delaware 
      OnPrime TV LLC 
    Delaware 
      OpenDNS UK Ltd. 
    United Kingdom 
      Pari Networks (India) Private Limited 
    India 
      Pari Networks LLC 
    California 
      ParStream GmbH 
    Germany 
      Pawaa Software Private Limited 
    India 
      Perspica LLC 
    Delaware 
      Perspica Networks Private Ltd. 
    India 
      Portcullis Computer Security, Ltd. 
    United Kingdom 
      PT Cisco Systems Indonesia 
    Indonesia 
      PT. Cisco Technologies Indonesia 
    Indonesia 
      Radiata, Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Scansafe Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Scansafe LLC 
    Delaware 
      Scansafe Services LLC 
    Delaware 
      Scientific-Atlanta, LLC 
    Georgia 
      Securent India Private Limited 
    India 

6 

Subsidiaries 
    State Or Other 
  Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or 
  Organization 
      Securent LLC 
    Delaware 
      SIA "Cisco Latvia" 
    Latvia 
      Skyport Systems LLC 
    Delaware 
      Small Wells Services S.A. 
    Uruguay 
      Solar VP Canada ULC 
    Canada 
      SolveDirect Service Management GmbH 
    Austria 
      Sourcefire Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Springpath EMEA B.V. In Liquidation 
    Netherlands 
      Springpath LLC 
    Delaware 
      Starent International LLC 
    Delaware 
      Starent Networks (India) Private Limited 
    India 
      Starent Networks India Sales and Services Private Limited 
    India 
      Starent Networks LLC 
    Delaware 
      Tail-f Systems AB 
    Sweden 
      Tandberg Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. 
    Singapore 
      Tandberg India Private Limited 
    India 
      Tandberg Products UK Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Tandberg Technology (India) Private Limited 
    India 
      Tandberg Telecom UK Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Topspin Communication Technologies India Private Limited 
    India 
      Topspin Communications LLC 
    Delaware 
      Transera Communications Pvt Ltd 
    India 
      Tropo (Europe) Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Tropo LLC 
    Delaware 
      UAB "Cisco LT" 
    Lithuania 
      Ubiquisys Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Viptela International Holding, LLC 
    Delaware 
      Viptela Japan KK 
    Japan 
      Viptela LLC 
    Delaware 
      Viptela Singapore PTE Ltd 
    Singapore 
      Viptela Systems AB 
    Sweden 
      Viptela Systems Private Ltd 
    India 
      Voxeo Labs (Beijing) Technology, Ltd. 
    China 
      WebEx (China) Software Co., Ltd. 
    China 
      WebEx Asia Limited 
    Hong Kong 
      WebEx Australia Pty Ltd. 
    Australia 
      WebEx Communications B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      WebEx Communications Deutschland GmbH 
    Germany 
      WebEx Communications France Sarl 
    France 
      WebEx Communications India Private Limited 
    India 
      WebEx Communications Japan, K.K. 
    Japan 
      WebEx Communications UK, Ltd. 
    United Kingdom 
      WebEx Worldwide B.V. 
    Netherlands 

7 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exh231consentofindependent.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
    
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-34849, 33-40509,  33-44221, 33-71860, 33-87096, 333-01069, 333-05447, 333-09903, 333-14661, 333-42249, 333-56224, 333-64651, 333-76184, 333-79717, 333-91258, 333-96203, 333-111977, 333-129719, 333-143389, 333-147523, 333-159679, 333-159681, 333-163864, 333-163953, 333-163954, 333-168364, 333-169653, 333-169655, 333-173061, 333-178266, 333-180458, 333-181082, 333-185663, 333-185666, 333-185667, 333-186100, 333-187090, 333-189354, 333-189931, 333-190733, 333-191866, 333-192055, 333-193217, 333-196968, 333-196970, 333-199154, 333-199447, 333-200775, 333-201799, 333-201802, 333-201804, 333-204764, 333-205110, 333-206400, 333-206708, 333-208348, 333-208349, 333-208927, 333-209418, 333-210395, 333-210396, 333-210626, 333-210874, 333-212776, 333-212952, 333-213948, 333-217083, 333-218647, 333-219935, 333-219937, 333-222007, and 333-222449) of Cisco Systems, Inc. of our report dated   September 6, 2018   relating to the consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
  /s/ P  RICEWATERHOUSE  C  OOPERS   LLP 
  San Jose, California 
  September 6, 2018    

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exh311rule13a-14a15dx14ace.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Charles H. Robbins, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cisco Systems, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   September 6, 2018 

/S/   Charles H. Robbins 
      Charles H. Robbins 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exh312rule13a-14a15dx14ace.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I,   Kelly A. Kramer  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cisco Systems, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   September 6, 2018 

/S/     Kelly A. Kramer 
      Kelly A. Kramer 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exh321section1350certifica.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Charles H. Robbins, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
             
    The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended   July 28, 2018  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
                
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   September 6, 2018 

/S/   Charles H. Robbins 
      Charles H. Robbins 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exh322section1350certifica.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I,   Kelly A. Kramer  , do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
             
    The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended   July 28, 2018  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
                
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   September 6, 2018 

/S/     Kelly A. Kramer 
      Kelly A. Kramer 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 csco-20180728.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 csco-20180728.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 csco-20180728_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 csco-20180728_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 csco-20180728_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 csco-20180728_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

