XCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

Form
10-K   

[ X ]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the transition period from _______________ to______________  

Commission
file number   000-26331    

GREYSTONE
LOGISTICS, INC.   

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Oklahoma   
         
       75-2954680    
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction  
                                                                               of
                                         incorporation or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer  
                                                                               Identification
                                         No.)    

1613
East 15th Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74120   

(Address
of principal executive offices)      (Zip Code)  

(918)
583-7441   

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title
    of each class  
         
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered   
 
       None   
           
       None    

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:  

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value   

(Title
of class)  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  

  [  ]
Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  

  [  ]
Yes [X] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

  [X]
Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [X] Yes [  ]
No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer [  ]   
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   

Indicate
by check whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [  ] No [X]  

As
of November 30, 2017, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed
by using the average of the high and low price on such date, was $7,253,460 ($0.46 per share).  

As
of August 14, 2018, the issuer had outstanding a total of 28,361,201 shares of its $0.0001 par value common stock.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

None.  

GREYSTONE
LOGISTICS, INC.   

   FORM
10-K   

   TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART
    I     

Item
    1.  
         
        Business    
       3   
 
      Item
    1A.  
         
        Risk
    Factors    
       6   
 
      Item
    1B.  
         
        Unresolved
    Staff Comments    
       7   
 
      Item
    2.  
         
        Properties    
       7   
 
      Item
    3.  
         
        Legal
    Proceedings    
       7   
 
      Item
    4.  
         
        Mine
    Safety Disclosures    
       7   

PART
    II     

Item
    5.  
         
        Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
       7   
 
      Item
    6.  
         
        Selected
    Financial Data    
       8   
 
      Item
    7.  
         
        Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
       8   
 
      Item
    7A.  
         
        Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
      14   
 
      Item
    8.  
         
        Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data    
      14   
 
      Item
    9.  
         
        Changes
    in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    
      15   
 
      Item
    9A.  
         
        Controls
    and Procedures    
      15   
 
      Item
    9B.  
         
        Other
    Information    
      15   

PART
    III     

Item
    10.  
         
        Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    
      15   
 
      Item
    11.  
         
        Executive
    Compensation    
      17   
 
      Item
    12.  
         
        Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
      19   
 
      Item
    13.  
         
        Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    
      21   
 
      Item
    14.  
         
        Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services    
      22   

PART
    IV     

Item
    15.  
         
        Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules    
      23   

Signatures    
      25   

PART
I.    

Item
1. Business.    

Organization    

Greystone
Logistics, Inc. ( Greystone  or the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on February 24, 1969, under
the name Permaspray Manufacturing Corporation. It subsequently changed its name to Browning Enterprises Inc. in April 1982, to
Cabec Energy Corp. in June 1993, to PalWeb Corporation in April 1999 and to Greystone Logistics, Inc. in March 2005, as further
described below. In December 1997, Greystone acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Plastic Pallet Production, Inc.,
a Texas corporation ( PPP ), and since that time, Greystone has primarily been engaged in the business of manufacturing
and selling plastic pallets.  

Effective
September 8, 2003, Greystone acquired substantially all of the assets of Greystone Plastics, Inc., an Iowa corporation, through
the purchase of such assets by Greystone s newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary, Greystone Manufacturing, L.L.C., an Oklahoma
limited liability company ( GSM ). Greystone Plastics, Inc. was a manufacturer of plastic pallets used in the beverage
industry.  

Effective
March 18, 2005, Greystone caused its newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary, Greystone Logistics, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation,
to be merged with and into Greystone. In connection with such merger and as of the effective time of the merger, Greystone amended
its certificate of incorporation by changing its name from PalWeb Corporation to Greystone Logistics, Inc., pursuant to the terms
of the certificate of ownership and merger filed by Greystone with the Secretary of State of Oklahoma.  

Current
Business    

Products   

Greystone s
primary business is the manufacturing of plastic pallets utilizing recycled plastic and selling the pallets through one of its
wholly owned subsidiaries, GSM. Greystone sells its pallets through a network of independent contractor distributors and direct
sales by its President and other employees. As of May 31, 2018, Greystone had an aggregate in-house production capacity of approximately
120,000 pallets per month.  

Greystone s
product line as of May 31, 2018 consists of the following:  

The
principal raw materials used in manufacturing Greystone s plastic pallets are in abundant supply, and some of these materials
may be obtained from recycled plastic containers. At the present time, these materials are being purchased from local, national
and international suppliers.  

Other
Business   

Greystone
processes recycled plastic into pellet form which may be sold or used in Greystone s production of pallets. The sale of
pelletized plastic is dependent on Greystone s ability to produce excess capacity and to realize reasonable profit, which
is generally based on market conditions. Based on availability of equipment, Greystone also provides tolling services whereby
it grinds and pelletizes customer s plastic material for a fee.  

Currently,
all of the pelletized plastic is used in-house to satisfy Greystone s pallet production. Accordingly, Greystone has curtailed
the sale of pelletized plastic and tolling services to third-party customers pending future changes with respect to internal requirements
or an increase in grinding and pelletizing capacity.  

Pallet
Industry   

Pallets
are devices used for moving and storing freight. A pallet is used as a base for assembling, storing, stacking, handling, and transporting
goods as a unit load. A pallet is constructed to facilitate the placement of a lift truck s forks between the levels of
a platform so it may be moved easily.  

Pallets
are used worldwide for the transportation of goods and they are primarily made of wood. An estimated 80-90 percent of all U.S.
commerce is carried on pallets which amounts to an estimated 1.9 to 2.0 billion pallets in circulation daily in the United States.
The manufacture of wood pallets is estimated to consume more than 45 percent of total U.S. hardwood lumber production.  Pallets
move the world,  says Dr. Marshall S.  Mark  White, an emeritus professor at Virginia Tech University and director
of the William H. Sardo Jr. Pallet and Container Research Laboratory and Center for Packaging and Unit Load Design.  

The
largest industry users of pallets such as the food, chemical, pharmaceutical, beverage and dairy industries are populated with
large public or private entities for which profitable financial performance is paramount. The trend for pallets are expected to
expand because of overall pallet demand resulting from growth in the U.S. economy and the current U.S. government administration s
efforts to move manufacturing capacity back to the U.S. The operating issues presented by wood pallets have been tolerated to
date as there has been no viable alternative in sufficient size for replacement. A report on the market for pallets in North
America by Zoe Biller, an industry analyst for Freedonia Group, provided the following on wood and plastic pallets:  

Wood:
 Although not highlighted in her report, Biller estimates that about 60% of wooden pallets are used and about 40% are new.
Those percentages could shift in favor of new pallets going forward because the industry has been reporting a shortage of quality
used pallets, known as cores, for the last year or so.  The core shortage appears to be real and it is going to be part
of what s going on going forward,  Biller said.  But it should correct itself in the long term as end users
buy new pallets that replenish the pool.   

Nearly
two years ago, Costco announced that it was going entirely to a block pallet. Biller believes Costco s decision is a symptom
of the overall trend towards block pallets rather than a driver.  Costco is part of a broader trend towards pallets that
are easier to use, especially in an automated system or with pallet jacks,  Biller said. Block pallets fit both of those
bills. She adds,  There s also a bigger trend to turn products and processes that aren t a core business to
a third party and pallet management is definitely part of that trend.   

Plastic:
 The move towards plastic appears to be driven by companies that can control their pallet pools and take advantage of plastics 
longevity as well as  growing sanitation concerns related to wood pallets,  Biller said.  Food safety regulations
may have something to do with it going forward.  Asked if she was surprised by any of the results, Biller said she was surprised
by how far the pallet market declined during the recession.  A big part of the market advance is the need to bring the number
of pallets available for use to required levels,  she said.  

According
to Bob Trebilcock of   Modern Materials
Handling Magazine  , one important
bullet point for pallet users from the Freedonia report s executive summary was that plastic pallets have seen their strongest
advances in percentage terms ever and will continue to record above average growth.  

According
to Persistence Market Research,    rising
demand for alternative pallet types is anticipated to boost the growth of plastic pallets in the global pallets market.   

In
a June 2017 article,   Persistence
Market Research   published an article
that non-wood pallets are likely to experience a massive increase in demand across the globe. Among these, plastic pallets are
expected to be the most attractive option. The major reason behind the increase in popularity of and demand for plastic pallets
is due to the ease with which these can be cleaned. In addition, they are made of recycled materials. This is a very attractive
benefit for companies working towards becoming more environment friendly. This factor is creating a positive impact on the plastic
pallets market.  

Another
factor which is driving the growth of plastic pallets is the adoption of pallets by new users. The pallet utilization in various
regions across the globe is typically low compared to the size of their manufacturing, warehousing, and construction sectors.
However, in the coming years, greater numbers of potential pallet users will strive to become more competitive on a global scale
by improving operating efficiencies and reducing product damage in shipments through the use of pallets.  

The
increase in trade volume especially in the Middle East and African regions is also anticipated to fuel the growth of the plastic
pallets market. Gulf Cooperation Council countries, located in between the Far East and Europe, can be considered as the gateway
to the world s most progressive markets such as India and China. The transport and logistics sector in the Middle East region
is showing substantial growth rates with a long-term positive outlook. The plastic pallets market is thus expected to witness
significant growth and is a vital link in supply chain and storage.  

With
a huge incremental opportunity, the global pallets market is projected to grow at more than 5% Compound Annual Growth Rate ( CAGR )
during the period of assessment.   

During
the period 2012   2016, the global pallets market expanded at a CAGR of 4.7%. However, during the forecast period  
that is between 2017 and 2025   the market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% owing to increasing demand for better
and safe transportation coupled with the rise in demand for pallets from various industries like food, agriculture, chemicals
etc. The global pallets market is projected to represent incremental opportunity of more than $25 billion between 2017 and 2025.  

Types
of Pallets   

The
most common size pallet is the 48 x 40  4-way pallet or otherwise referred to as the GMA (Grocery Manufacturer Association)
pallet or sometimes known in the industry as the  GMA Pallet,   The GMA Pallet,   GMA 48 x 40 Pallet, 
or  GMA Block Pallet.  The GMA acts as a commodity in the pallet industry, as price is often determined by availability.
As wood pallets move through their life cycle from a new pallet to a used pallet, they are repaired and put back in service until
they are sent to a landfill or used as wood compost.  

Pallets
are the primary interface between the packaged product and today s highly automated material handling equipment. Although
pallets are not the most glamorous part of the warehouse, they are important because users have expectations based on specifications
and wood pallets lack critical manufacturing details that determine performance. The end user becomes frustrated when these pallets
do not perform to expectation. Shipments can be damaged or rejected entirely resulting in significant product and revenue losses.
This angst is aggravated when new multi-million-dollar automated systems are in use.  

Employees   

As
of May 31, 2018, Greystone had 220 full-time employees and used a temporary personnel service to provide additional production
personnel as needed.  

Marketing
and Customers   

Greystone s
primary focus is to provide quality plastic pallets to its existing customers while continuing its marketing efforts to broaden
its customer base. Greystone s existing customers are primarily located in the United States and engaged in the beverage,
pharmaceutical and other industries. Greystone has generated and plans to continue to generate interest in its pallets by attending
trade shows sponsored by industry segments that would benefit from Greystone s products. Greystone hopes to gain wider product
acceptance by marketing the concept that the widespread use of plastic pallets could greatly reduce the destruction of trees on
a worldwide basis. Greystone sells to customers through contract distributors or by direct contract through its President and
other employees.  

Greystone
derives a substantial portion of its revenue from two customers. These customers accounted for approximately 76% and 71% of total
sales in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. Greystone s recycled plastic pallets are designed to meet the respective
customer s needs and are the only pallets approved for use by these customers. There is no assurance that Greystone will
retain these customers  business at the same level, or at all. The loss of a material amount of business from these customers
could have a material adverse effect on Greystone.  

Competition   

Greystone s
primary competitors are a large number of small, privately held firms that sell wood pallets in very limited geographic locations.
Greystone believes that it can compete with manufacturers of wood pallets by emphasizing the cost savings realized over the longer
life of its plastic pallets as well as the environmental benefits (principally elimination from landfill and recycling) of its
plastic pallets as compared to wood pallets. Greystone also competes with three large and approximately ten small manufacturers
of plastic pallets. Some of Greystone s competitors may have substantially greater financial and other resources than Greystone
and, therefore, may be able to commit greater resources than Greystone in such areas of product development, manufacturing and
marketing. However, Greystone believes that its proprietary designs coupled with the competitive pricing of its products gives
Greystone an advantage over other plastic pallet manufacturers.  

Government
Regulation   

Although
Greystone recycles approximately 28,000 tons of post-consumer plastic per year which would otherwise be destined for the landfill,
business operations of Greystone are subject to existing and potential federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations
pertaining to the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to the protection
of the environment. In addition, both the plastics industry and Greystone are subject to existing and potential federal, state,
local and foreign legislation designed to reduce solid wastes by requiring, among other things, plastics to be degradable in landfills,
minimum levels of recycled content, various recycling requirements, disposal fees and limits on the use of plastic products.  

Patents
and Trademarks   

Greystone
seeks to protect its technical advances by pursuing national and international patent protection for its products and methods
when appropriate.  

Management
Plastic Pallet Summation   

During
the past two decades both timber prices and landfill fees have increased and have compelled businesses to modify the way pallets
are managed. Businesses can evaluate and improve their pallet management systems and reduce associated waste by utilizing recycled
plastic pallets.  

According
to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, deforestation is a significant contributor to global carbon dioxide gas emissions.
Deforestation leads to CO2 emissions because the carbon sequestered in trees is emitted into the atmosphere and not counter-balanced
by re-growth of new trees. Additionally, estimates are that up to 20 percent of total pallet wood waste ends up in land fill.  

Greystone s
management believes that the gradual shifting trend from wood to 100 percent recyclable plastic pallets will continue, with the
primary limiting factors being a front-end higher price and some regulatory limits to certain applications of pallet use. The
savings come in the recyclability and significantly longer life which lowers the cost per trip dramatically. Greystone intends
to continue to conduct research on pallet design for strength and coefficient of friction, on the materials used to make the plastic
pallets as required to meet market demands and to improve its existing products. Plastic pallets reduce wood waste, are hygienic,
weigh less which lowers fuel consumption and transport costs and are fully recyclable.  

The
principal raw materials used in manufacturing Greystone s plastic pallets are in abundant supply. At the present time, these
materials are being purchased from local, national and international suppliers.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.    

Not
applicable.  

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.    

None.  

Item
2. Properties.    

Greystone
leases two buildings for a total of 120,000 square feet of manufacturing and warehouse space. These two buildings located on approximately
3 acres of land in Bettendorf, Iowa are leased from Greystone Real Estate, L.L.C. ( GRE ), a variable interest entity
owned by Warren F. Kruger, Greystone s President, CEO and a director, and Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a director of Greystone.
The manufacturing and warehouse space is sufficiently equipped and designed to accommodate the manufacturing of plastic pallets
and is also used for grinding, processing and pelletizing recycled plastic.  

In
addition, Greystone owns three buildings located within a 30 mile radius of its primary location for a total of 97,000 square
feet of warehouse space. Two of these buildings are currently used for warehousing inventory. The third building is being renovated
to accommodate Greystone s grinding operations.  

Item
3 .       Legal
Proceedings.    

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.    

Not
applicable.  

PART
II.    

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.    

Market
Information    

Greystone s
common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the symbol  GLGI.  The following table sets forth the range of high and
low per share bid quotations for Greystone s common stock during the time periods indicated. The source of the foregoing
quotations was the Financial Industry Regulatory Composite Feed or other qualified inter dealer quotation medium as provided by
OTC Market Group, Inc.:  

Quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions.  

Holders    

As
of approximately July 13, 2018, Greystone had approximately 231 common stockholders of record.  

Dividends    

Greystone
paid no cash dividends to its common stockholders during the last two fiscal years and does not plan to pay any cash dividends
in the near future. The loan agreement dated January 31, 2014 (the  IBC Loan Agreement ), among Greystone, GSM and
International Bank of Commerce ( IBC ) prohibits Greystone from declaring or paying any dividends in respect to its
common stock without IBC s prior written consent. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
In addition, accrued preferred stock dividends must be paid before a dividend on common stock may be declared or paid, as set
forth in the Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations relating to the preferred stock. See Note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements and  Liquidity and Capital Resources  in Item 7 of this Form 10-K for additional
information.  

Greystone
paid dividends on its 2003 preferred stock in the amounts of $414,110 and $376,101 in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.    

Not
applicable.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information    

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes  forward looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements concern Greystone s
plans, expectations and objectives for future operations. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included
in this Form 10-K that address activities, events or developments that Greystone expects, believes or anticipates will or may
occur in the future are forward-looking statements. The words  believe,   plan,   intend, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   project  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements include, among others, such things as:  

expansion
    and growth of Greystone s business and operations;   

future
    financial performance;   

future
    acquisitions and developments;   

potential
    sales of products;   

future
    financing activities; and   

business
    strategy.   

These
forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Greystone believes are reasonable based on current expectations and projections
about future events and industry conditions and trends affecting Greystone s business. However, whether actual results and
developments will conform to Greystone s expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, including those factors
discussed under the section of this Form 10-K entitled  Risk Factors.  In addition, Greystone s historical financial
performance is not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future and Greystone believes that such comparisons
cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance.  

Risk
Factors    

Greystone
has attained operating profits and positive cash flows from operating activities but there is no assurance that it will be able
to sustain profitability.   

Greystone
was incorporated on February 24, 1969. Greystone incurred losses from operations from such time through fiscal year 2007. The
results of Greystone s operations for the fiscal years after fiscal year 2007 showed an operating profit and positive cash
flows from operations with the exception of fiscal year 2011 for which Greystone incurred a loss but had positive operating income
and positive cash flows from operations. There is no assurance that Greystone will maintain a positive operating profit or otherwise
obtain funds to finance capital and debt service requirements.  

Greystone
has granted security interests in substantially all of its assets in connection with certain debt financings and other transactions.   

In
connection with certain debt financings and other transactions, Greystone has granted third parties security interests in substantially
all of its assets pursuant to agreements entered into with such third parties. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under
such agreements, the secured parties may enforce their rights and Greystone may lose all or a portion of its assets. As a result,
Greystone could be forced to materially reduce its business activities or cease operations.  

Greystone s
business could be affected by changes in availability of raw materials.   

Greystone
uses a proprietary mix of raw materials to produce its plastic pallets. Such raw materials are generally readily available and
some may be obtained from a broad range of recycled plastic suppliers and unprocessed waste plastic. At the present time, these
materials are being purchased from local, national and international suppliers. The availability of Greystone s raw materials
could change at any time for various reasons. For example, the market demand for Greystone s raw materials could suddenly
increase, or the rate at which plastic materials are recycled could decrease, affecting both availability and price. Additionally,
the laws and regulations governing the production of plastics and the recycling of plastic containers could change and, as a result,
affect the supply of Greystone s raw materials. Any interruption in the supply of raw materials or components could have
a material adverse effect on Greystone. Furthermore, certain potential alternative suppliers may have pre-existing exclusive relationships
with Greystone s competitors and others that may preclude Greystone from obtaining raw materials from such suppliers.  

Greystone s
business could be affected by competition and rapid technological change.   

Greystone
currently faces competition from many companies that produce wooden pallets at prices that are substantially lower than the prices
Greystone and other companies that manufacture plastic pallets charge for their plastic pallets. It is anticipated that the plastic
pallet industry will be subject to intense competition and rapid technological change. Greystone could potentially face additional
competition from recycling and plastics companies, many of which have substantially greater financial and other resources than
Greystone and, therefore, are able to spend more than Greystone in areas such as product development, manufacturing and marketing.
Competitors may develop products that render Greystone s products or proposed products uneconomical or result in products
being commercialized that may be superior to Greystone s products. In addition, alternatives to plastic pallets could be
developed, which would have a material adverse effect on Greystone.  

Greystone
is dependent on a few large customers.   

Greystone
derives, and expects that in the foreseeable future it will continue to derive, a large portion of its revenue from a few large
customers. Two customers currently account for approximately 76% of its total sales in fiscal year 2018 (71% in fiscal year 2017).
There is no assurance that Greystone will retain these customers  business at the same level, or at all. The loss of a material
amount of business from one of these customers would have a material adverse effect on Greystone.  

Greystone
may not be able to effectively protect Greystone s patents and proprietary rights.   

Greystone
relies upon a combination of patents and trade secrets to protect its proprietary technology, rights and know-how. There can be
no assurance that such patent rights will not be infringed upon, that Greystone s trade secrets will not otherwise become
known to or independently developed by competitors, that non-disclosure agreements will not be breached, or that Greystone would
have adequate remedies for any such infringement or breach. Litigation may be necessary to enforce Greystone s proprietary
rights or to defend Greystone against third-party claims of infringement. Such litigation could result in substantial cost to,
and a diversion of effort by, Greystone and its management and may have a material adverse effect on Greystone. Greystone s
success and potential competitive advantage is dependent upon its ability to exploit the technology under these patents. There
can be no assurance that Greystone will be able to exploit the technology covered by these patents or that Greystone will be able
to do so exclusively.  

Greystone s
business could be affected by changing or new legislation regarding environmental matters.   

Greystone s
business is subject to changing federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials
into the environment, the handling and disposition of waste (including solid and hazardous waste) or otherwise relating to the
protection of the environment. As is the case with manufacturers in general, if a release of hazardous substances occurs on or
from Greystone s properties or any associated off-site disposal location, or if contamination from prior activities is discovered
at any of Greystone s properties, Greystone may be held liable. No assurances can be given that additional environmental
issues will not require future expenditures. In addition, the plastics industry is subject to existing and potential federal,
state, local and foreign legislation designed to reduce solid wastes by requiring, among other things, plastics to be degradable
in landfills, minimum levels of recycled content, various recycling requirements and disposal fees and limits on the use of plastic
products. Also, various consumer and special interest groups have lobbied from time to time for the implementation of these and
other such similar measures. Although Greystone believes that the legislation promulgated to date and such initiatives to date
have not had a material adverse effect on it, there can be no assurance that any such future legislative or regulatory efforts
or future initiatives would not have a material adverse effect.  

Greystone s
business could be subject to potential product liability claims.   

The
testing, manufacturing and marketing of Greystone s products and proposed products involve inherent risks related to product
liability claims or similar legal theories that may be asserted against Greystone, some of which may cause Greystone to incur
significant defense costs. Although Greystone currently maintains product liability insurance coverage that it believes is adequate,
there can be no assurance that the coverage limits of its insurance will be adequate under all circumstances or that all such
claims will be covered by insurance. In addition, these policies generally must be renewed every year. While Greystone has been
able to obtain product liability insurance in the past, there can be no assurance it will be able to obtain such insurance in
the future on all of its existing or future products. A successful product liability claim or other judgment against Greystone
in excess of its insurance coverage, or the loss of Greystone s product liability insurance coverage could have a material
adverse effect upon Greystone.  

Greystone
currently depends on certain key personnel.   

Greystone
is dependent on the experience, abilities and continued services of its current management. In particular, Warren Kruger, Greystone s
President and CEO, has played a significant role in the development, management and financing of Greystone. The loss or reduction
of services of Warren Kruger or any other key employee could have a material adverse effect on Greystone. In addition, there is
no assurance that additional managerial assistance will not be required, or that Greystone will be able to attract or retain such
personnel.  

Greystone s
executive officers and directors control a large percentage of Greystone s outstanding common stock and all of Greystone s
2003 preferred stock, which entitles them to certain voting rights, including the right to elect a majority of Greystone s
Board of Directors.   

Greystone s
executive officers and directors (and their affiliates), in the aggregate, own approximately 44.40% of Greystone s outstanding
common stock and have approximately 50.25% of the voting power. Therefore, Greystone s executive officers and directors
can have significant influence with respect to the outcome of matters submitted to Greystone s shareholders for approval
(including the election and removal of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of Greystone s
assets) and to control Greystone s management and affairs. In addition, two of Greystone s directors (including one
who also serves as Greystone s chief executive officer) own all of Greystone s outstanding 2003 preferred stock, with
each owning 50%. The terms and conditions of Greystone s 2003 preferred stock provide that such holder has the right to
elect a majority of Greystone s Board of Directors. Such concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination or discouraging a
potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, which in turn could have an adverse effect
on the market price of Greystone s common stock.  

Greystone s
stock trades in a limited public market and is subject to price volatility. There can be no assurance that an active trading market
will develop or be sustained.   

There
has been a limited public trading market for Greystone s common stock and there can be no assurance that an active trading
market will develop or be sustained. The trading price of Greystone s common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations
in response to variations in quarterly operating results or even mild expressions of interest on a given day. Accordingly, Greystone s
common stock should be expected to experience substantial price changes in short periods of time. Even if Greystone is performing
according to its plan and there is no legitimate company-specific financial basis for this volatility, it must still be expected
that substantial percentage price swings will occur in Greystone s common stock for the foreseeable future. In addition,
the limited market for Greystone s common stock may restrict Greystone s shareholders ability to liquidate their shares.  

Greystone
does not expect to declare or pay any dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future.   

Greystone
has not declared or paid any dividends on its common stock. Greystone currently intends to retain future earnings to fund the
development and growth of its business, to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes, and, therefore, does not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of certain loan
documentation with International Bank of Commerce and the terms and conditions of Greystone s 2003 preferred stock, Greystone
is restricted in its ability to pay dividends to holders of its common stock.  

Greystone s
common stock may be subject to secondary trading restrictions related to penny stocks.   

Certain
transactions involving the purchase or sale of Greystone s common stock may be affected by a Commission rule for  penny
stocks  that imposes additional sales practice burdens and requirements upon broker-dealers that purchase or sell such securities.
For transactions covered by this penny stock rule, among other things, broker-dealers must make certain disclosures to purchasers
prior to the purchase or sale. Consequently, the penny stock rule may impede the ability of broker-dealers to purchase or sell
Greystone s common stock for their customers and the ability of persons now owning or subsequently acquiring Greystone s
common stock to resell such securities.  

Greystone
may issue additional equity securities, which would lead to further dilution of Greystone s issued and outstanding stock.   

The
issuance of additional common stock or securities convertible into common stock would result in further dilution of the ownership
interest in Greystone held by existing shareholders. Greystone is authorized to issue, without shareholder approval, 20,700,000
shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, in one or more series, which may give other shareholders dividend, conversion,
voting and liquidation rights, among other rights, which may be superior to the rights of holders of Greystone s common
stock. In addition, Greystone is authorized to issue, without shareholder approval, over 4,971,638,799 additional shares of its
common stock and securities convertible into common stock.  

Results
of Operations    

General   

The
consolidated financial statements include Greystone and its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Greystone Manufacturing, L.L.C. ( GSM ),
and Plastic Pallet Production, Inc. ( PPP ), and one variable interest entity, Greystone Real Estate, L.L.C. ( GRE ).  

Greystone s
primary business is the manufacturing of plastic pallets utilizing recycled plastic and selling the pallets through one of its
wholly owned subsidiaries, GSM.  

As
of May 31, 2018, Greystone had 220 full-time employees and used temporary personnel as needed. Greystone s in-house production
capacity for its injection molding machines capable of producing pallets is about 120,000 plastic pallets per month, or 1,440,000
per year. Production levels generally vary proportionately with sales orders. In addition, Greystone plans to add three additional
injection molding machines during fiscal year 2019 which will add production capacity of approximately 42,500 pallets per month,
or 510,000 pallets per year.  

Year
Ended May 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended May 31, 2017   

Sales    

Sales
were $48,609,075 for fiscal year 2018 compared to $40,044,110 for fiscal year 2017 for an increase of $8,564,965. The increase
in pallet sales from fiscal year 2017 to 2018 is principally due to sales to a customer whose business is leasing plastic pallets.
Greystone has two major customers who account for approximately 76% of total sales in fiscal year 2018 compared to 71% in fiscal
year 2017.  

Cost
of Sales    

Cost
of sales was $41,570,319 (86% of sales) and $32,573,570 (81% of sales) in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. Pallets sold
to the private pallet leasing company are more labor intensive and generally reflect a higher ratio of cost of sales to sales
than most other pallets sold by Greystone. Accordingly, as these pallets sales continue to grow as a percent of total sales, the
ratio of cost of sales to sales is directly impacted. Management continues to explore methods to reduce the cost per pallet produced
for the leasing company including increased output per machine and robotics to reduce the labor cost.  

General,
Selling and Administrative Expenses    

General,
selling and administrative expense was $3,034,027 for fiscal year 2018 compared to $3,015,960 for fiscal year 2017 for an increase
of $18,067 or approximately 1%. With the expected growth in pallet production, Greystone anticipates that general, selling and
administrative expenses will increase as necessary to support Greystone s operations.  

Interest
Expense    

Interest
expense was $1,373,392 in fiscal year 2018 compared to $1,212,857 in fiscal year 2017 for an increase of $160,535. This increase
is primarily attributable to an increase in debt related to the acquisition of production equipment in fiscal year 2018 and increases
in the prime rate of interest from 4.00% at May 31, 2017 to 4.75% at May 31, 2018.  

Provision
for Income Taxes    

The
provision for income taxes was $772,380 in fiscal year 2018 compared to $1,011,990 in fiscal year 2017. The effective tax rate
differs from federal statutory rates due to net income from GRE which, as a limited liability company, is not taxed at the corporate
level, state income taxes and charges which have no tax benefit.  

On
December 22, 2017, the President signed into legislation The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act). The Act changes existing U.S. tax
law and included numerous provisions that will affect Greystone s business, including income tax accounting, disclosure
and tax compliance. Greystone revalued all deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the date of the Act. The result of this revaluation
was an increase in net deferred tax asset in the amount of $57,000 and a like decrease in the deferred tax portion of the provision
for income taxes.  

As
of May 31, 2018, as well as May 31, 2017, Greystone s management determined that no valuation allowance was considered necessary.
Until the NOLs are fully realized for income tax purposes, management will continue to evaluate the extent that a valuation allowance
is needed. Factors that management will consider, among others, are continued diversity in Greystone s customer base and
stability in its sales volumes.  

Based
upon a review of its income tax filing positions, Greystone believes that its positions would be sustained upon an audit by the
Internal Revenue Service and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.
Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.  

Net
Income    

Net
income was $1,871,101 in fiscal year 2018 compared to $2,246,908 in fiscal year 2017 for a decrease of $375,807 for the reasons
discussed above.  

Net
Income Attributable to Common Stockholders    

After
deducting preferred dividends and income attributable to non-controlling interests, the net income attributable to common stockholders
was $1,239,678, or $0.04 per share, in fiscal year 2018 compared to $1,660,921, or $0.06 per share, in fiscal year 2017 for the
reasons discussed above.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

General   

A
summary of Greystone s cash flows for the year ended May 31, 2018 is as follows:  

Long-term
debt and capital lease obligations of Greystone as of May 31, 2018 were as follows:  

Greystone
had a working capital deficit of $(3,900,277) at May 31, 2018.  

During
fiscal year 2018, Greystone incurred new debt of $2,638,200 principally for the acquisition of an injection molding machine and
pallet molds. Additionally, Greystone entered into a new capital lease in the amount of $2,225,685 to acquire an injection molding
machine and pallet mold. The equipment acquired by both the new debt and the capital lease was to increase pallet production for
one of its major customers whose business is leasing plastic pallets. Future minimum lease payments on the new capital lease are
based on sales of pallets produced by the equipment and projected to be approximately $548,000 per year.  

Greystone s
principal long-term debt obligations include a $3,000,000 revolving line of credit and several term notes with International Bank
of Commerce with various maturities and a note payable to Mr. Rosene maturing on January 15, 2020. To provide for the funding
to meet Greystone s operating activities and contractual obligations as of May 31, 2018, Greystone will have to continue
to produce positive operating results or explore various options including long-term debt and equity financing. However, there
is no guarantee that Greystone will continue to create positive operating results or be able to raise sufficient capital to meet
these obligations.  

As
described below, substantially all of the financing that Greystone has received through May 31, 2018, has been provided by loans
or through bank loan guarantees from the officers and directors of Greystone. Greystone continues to be dependent upon its officers
and directors to provide and/or secure additional financing and there is no assurance that either will do so.  

Greystone
has 50,000 outstanding shares of cumulative 2003 Preferred Stock for a total of $5,000,000 with a preferred dividend rate at the
prime rate of interest plus 3.25%. Greystone paid the accrued dividends to its preferred stockholders during fiscal years 2018
and 2017 of $414,110 and $376,101, respectively, and plans to continue to make preferred stock dividend payments to the holders
of its preferred stock as allowed under the terms of the IBC Loan Agreement as discussed herein under the caption  Loans
from International Bank of Commerce  which allows for such payments not to exceed $500,000 per year. Greystone does not
anticipate that it will make cash dividend payments to any holders of its common stock unless and until the financial position
of Greystone improves through increased revenues, additional financing or otherwise. Further, pursuant to the terms and conditions
of certain loan documentation with International Bank of Commerce, as discussed herein under the caption  Loans from International
Bank of Commerce,  and the terms and conditions of Greystone s 2003 preferred stock, Greystone is restricted in its
ability to pay dividends to holders of its common stock.  

Transactions
with Warren Kruger and Related Entities   

Yorktown
Management   Financial Services, LLC ( Yorktown ), an entity wholly owned by Mr. Kruger, Greystone s CEO
and President, owns and rents to Greystone (1) grinding equipment used to grind raw materials for Greystone s pallet production
and (2) extruders for pelletizing recycled plastic into pellets for use as raw material in the manufacture of pallets. Greystone
compensates Yorktown for the use of equipment as discussed below.  

Rental
fees.  GSM pays weekly rental fees of $22,500 and $5,000 to Yorktown for grinding equipment and pelletizing equipment, respectively.
Total rental fees of approximately $1,430,000 were paid in both fiscal years 2018 and 2017.  

Yorktown
provides office space for Greystone in Tulsa, Oklahoma on a rental basis of $2,200 per month through December 31, 2016. Effective
January 1, 2017, Greystone and Yorktown entered into a five-year lease agreement for expanded office space at the rate to $4,000
per month.  

Acquisitions
from Yorktown.  On September 1, 2016, Yorktown acquired certain plastic resin pelletizing equipment from TriEnda Holdings,
L.L.C. ( TriEnda ). The pelletizing equipment was previously used by Greystone to blend and pelletize plastic resin
for TriEnda at a tolling fee per pound processed. During the period from September 1, 2016 through January 31, 2017, Greystone
rented this equipment from Yorktown for a total of $163,204 to process Greystone material. Effective February 1, 2017, Greystone
acquired this equipment from Yorktown for $1,500,076, which included a cash payment of $30,627 and the assumption of a note payable
to First Bank in the amount of $1,469,713.  

Compensation
related to Loan Guarantees.  Effective September 1, 2016, Greystone s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of warrants
to purchase 250,000 shares of Greystone s common stock for $0.01 per share to Mr. Kruger and a cash payment of $65,000 as
compensation for providing guarantees on Greystone s debt with International Bank of Commerce. The warrants are vested and
expire January 10, 2027. The warrants, valued as of the measurement date for approximately $60,000, and the cash payment was capitalized
as debt issue costs to be amortized over the remaining loan term.  

Loans
from International Bank of Commerce ( IBC )   

On
January 31, 2014, Greystone and GSM (the  Borrowers ) and IBC entered into a Loan Agreement (the  IBC Loan Agreement ),
as amended. The IBC Loan Agreement provides for a revolving loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to $3,000,000 and several
term loans primarily to fund acquisition of production equipment, as discussed in Note 4, Long-term Debt, to the consolidated
financial statements. These loans are supported by a $6,500,000 guarantee by Warren Kruger, Greystone s President and CEO,
and Robert Rosene, a Greystone board member.  

Capital
Leases   

Greystone
and a private pallet leasing company ( Lessor ) have entered into a Master Lease Agreement for which two capital leases
have been issued for the acquisition of three injection molding machines to increase production of pallets for the Lessor. Generally,
lease payments are based on sales to the Lessor. Under the Master Lease Agreement, Lessor has ordered two additional injection
molding machines for delivery in fiscal year 2019 to increase pallet production.  

Transactions
with Robert B. Rosene, Jr.   

Loan.
 Effective December 15, 2005, Greystone entered into an agreement with Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a member of Greystone s
Board of Directors, to convert $2,066,000 of advances into a note payable at 7.5% interest.  

Effective
June 1, 2016, the note payable to Mr. Rosene was restated (the  Restated Note ) whereby the accrued interest as of
June 1, 2016 of $2,475,690 was combined with the outstanding principal of $2,066,000 resulting in a note payable in the principal
amount of $4,541,690 with an interest rate of 7.5% and a maturity of January 15, 2018, subsequently amended to January 15, 2020.
The Restated Note requires the payment of accrued interest to Mr. Rosene. In addition, the Restated Note allows Greystone to make
additional payments, at Greystone s discretion, up to an amount allowed by the IBC Loan Agreement.  

Compensation
related to Loan Guarantees.  Effective September 1, 2016, Greystone s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of warrants
to purchase 250,000 shares of Greystone s common stock for $0.01 per share to Mr. Rosene and a cash payment of $65,000 as
compensation for providing guarantees on Greystone s debt with International Bank of Commerce. The warrants are vested and
expire January 10, 2027. The warrants, valued as of the measurement date for approximately $60,000, and the cash payment was capitalized
as debt issue costs to be amortized over the remaining loan term.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

Greystone
does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

Not
applicable.  

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.    

The
consolidated financial statements of Greystone are set forth on pages F-1 through F-20 inclusive, found at the end of this
report.  

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.    

None.  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Greystone s
CEO and CFO have concluded that the design and operation of Greystone s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective as of May 31, 2018. This conclusion is based on an evaluation
conducted under the supervision and participation of Greystone s CEO and CFO along with Greystone s management. Disclosure
controls and procedures are those controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports
that Greystone files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Greystone s management, including
Greystone s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarded required disclosure.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

Greystone s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of Greystone s management, including
Greystone s CEO and CFO, Greystone evaluated the effectiveness of Greystone s internal control over financial reporting
based on the framework in the  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Greystone
had previously reported a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting resulting from a lack of sufficient
resources to perform monitoring of internal controls and the related risk assessments. During the recently completed quarter for
the year ended May 31, 2018, Greystone engaged a third-party consultant that completed an evaluation of Greystone s risk
assessments and implemented procedures for monitoring compliance and effectiveness of internal controls.  

Item
9B. Other Information.    

None.  

PART
III.    

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.    

Directors,
Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons    

The
following lists the directors and executive officers of Greystone. Directors of Greystone are elected at annual meetings of shareholders
unless appointed by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy upon the resignation or removal of a member or an increase in the
number of members of the Board of Directors. Executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.  

Name   
           
       Position   
           
        Term
                                         as Director   
           Expires     
 
      Warren
    F. Kruger  
         
      President,
    Chief Executive Officer and Director  
         
      2018   
 
      Larry
    LeBarre  
         
      Director  
         
      2018   
 
      Robert
    B. Rosene, Jr.  
         
      Director  
         
      2018   
 
      William
    W. Rahhal  
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer  
         
      N/A   

Warren
F. Kruger, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director   

Mr.
Warren F. Kruger, Manager/CEO of privately held Yorktown Management   Financial Services, L.L.C., is 62 years old. Yorktown
is involved in investment banking, real estate, manufacturing and energy endeavors. Mr. Kruger is the non-executive chairman of
the board of directors of Kruger Brown Holdings, LLC, which owns TriEnda Holdings, LLC. and PendaForm, LLC. TriEnda Holdings manufactures
plastic pallets utilizing a thermoform process. Because of the different qualities between the pallets manufactured by Greystone
and TriEnda, there is no direct competition between the two companies. Mr. Kruger earned a Bachelor of Business Administration
degree from the University of Oklahoma, and an Executive M.B.A. from Southern Methodist University. Mr. Kruger has forty years
of experience in the financial services industry. In 1980, Mr. Kruger co-founded MCM Group, Ltd., which owned and controlled United
Bank Club Association, Inc. until 1996 when the firm was sold to a subsidiary of Cendant Corp. (a former NYSE company). He also
owned and operated Century Ice, a manufacturer and distributor of ice products from 1996 to 1997, when Packaged Ice, Inc., acquired
Century Ice in an industry rollup.  

Mr.
Kruger became a director of Greystone on January 4, 2002, served as President and Chief Executive Officer from January 10, 2003
to August 15, 2005 and, most recently, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer from November 18, 2006 to the present.  

Mr.
Kruger s business experience and knowledge of the day to day operations of Greystone make him well suited to serve on Greystone s
Board of Directors.  

Mr.
Larry J. LeBarre, Director   

Mr.
LeBarre, age 62, was President and CEO of privately-held Native American Marketing ( Native American ) until 2014
when the company was sold to Seminole Energy. Native American was founded by Mr. LeBarre in 2004 as an oil transportation, storage,
and marketing business. Mr. LeBarre earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Oklahoma, became
a Certified Public Accountant while working for Price Waterhouse   Co. (now PriceWaterhouseCoopers, LLP) and continued his
career in the hazardous waste industry and later with Plains Resources. Mr. LeBarre is also actively involved in investment banking,
real estate, and oil and gas investments.  

Mr.
LeBarre became a director of Greystone effective May 5, 2012. Mr. LeBarre s business experience makes him qualified to serve
as a member of Greystone s Board of Directors.  

Mr.
Robert B. Rosene, Jr., Director   

Mr.
Rosene, age 64, is President of Patriot Auto Group, L.L.C., which owns three auto dealerships in Oklahoma. In addition, Mr. Rosene
serves on the Board of Managers for Continuum Energy Services, L.L.C., which owns natural gas gathering and related facilities
and crude oil trucking equipment, a company that he co-founded in 1998. Also, Mr. Rosene co-founded Summit Exploration, L.L.C.,
an oil and gas production company that owns oil and gas production interests in several states. Mr. Rosene has a B.A. with an
emphasis in accounting from Oklahoma Baptist University.  

Mr.
Rosene became a director of Greystone effective June 14, 2004. Mr. Rosene s business experience and longstanding relationship
with Greystone make him a good fit as a member of Greystone s Board of Directors.  

William
W. Rahhal, Chief Financial Officer   

Mr.
Rahhal, age 77, served as managing partner of Rahhal Henderson Johnson, PLLC, Certified Public Accountants, in Ardmore, Oklahoma,
from 1988 to 2010 and retired from the firm effective December 31, 2013. Mr. Rahhal previously served as Greystone s Chief
Financial Officer from October 1, 2002 to October 1, 2004 and subsequently served Greystone as an accounting and financial consultant
until his appointment as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Rahhal earned his B.B.A. from the University of Oklahoma and is a Certified
Public Accountant licensed in Oklahoma and Texas. Mr. Rahhal has also previously served as a Senior Manager with Price Waterhouse
  Co. (now PriceWaterhouseCoopers, LLP) and as financial manager of a privately-held oil and gas production company and contract
drilling company.  

Identification
of the Audit Committee; Audit Committee Financial Expert    

As
of May 31, 2018, Greystone had not established an audit committee and the entire board of directors essentially serves as Greystone s
audit committee.  

Code
of Ethics    

Effective
April 8, 2008, Greystone adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to Greystone s officers and directors, including Greystone s
principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions.
Greystone undertakes to provide any person without charge, upon request, a copy of such Code of Ethics. Requests may be directed
to Greystone Logistics, Inc., 1613 East 15th Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74120, or by calling (918) 583-7441.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance    

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires Greystone s directors, officers and persons who beneficially own more
than 10% of any class of Greystone s equity securities registered under Section 12 to file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of such registered securities of Greystone. Officers,
directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners are required by regulation to furnish to Greystone copies of all Section 16(a)
reports they file.  

Based
solely on review of the copies of such reports furnished to Greystone and any written representations that no other reports were
required during fiscal year 2018, to Greystone s knowledge, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its officers,
directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners during fiscal year 2018 were complied with on a timely basis.  

Item
11. Executive Compensation.    

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to named executive officers during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016:  

Summary
Compensation Table   

The
following table provides information with respect to named executive officers concerning outstanding equity awards as of May 31,
2018:  

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End    

None.  

Directors 
Compensation    

Greystone
pays compensation to members of the Board of Directors in the amount of $7,500 per meeting attended. In fiscal years 2018 and
2017, $30,000 was paid to each of Messrs. Kruger, Rosene and LeBarre.  

Because
the Board of Directors consists of three persons of which two are outside directors, the Board has not considered it necessary
to create a compensation committee. All of Greystone s directors participate in determining compensation for officers with
Mr. Kruger abstaining from any discussions concerning his compensation.  

Compensation
for Loan Guarantees    

Effective
September 1, 2016, the Board of Directors awarded each of Messrs. Kruger and Rosene a warrant to purchase 250,000 of Greystone s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share and a cash payment of $65,000. The warrants are fully vested and have a life
of ten years.  

Compensation
Program as it Relates to Risk    

We
have reviewed our compensation policies and practices for both executives and non-executives as they relate to risk and have determined
that at this time they are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us.  

Amended
and Restated Stock Option Plan    

General   .
 Greystone s Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (the  Stock Plan ) is administered by the Board of Directors
of Greystone or, if the Board so authorizes, by a committee of the Board of Directors consisting of not less than two members
of the Board of Directors. The Stock Plan is presently administered by the entire Board of Directors since no separate committee
of the Board has been designated to administer the Stock Plan. Accordingly, many of the references below in this description of
the Stock Plan to the Board of Directors could also be construed to be a committee thereof. All managerial and other key employees
of Greystone and/or its subsidiaries who hold positions of significant responsibility or whose performance or potential contribution,
in the judgment of the Board of Directors, will benefit the future success of Greystone are eligible to receive grants under the
Stock Plan. In addition, each director of Greystone who is not an employee of Greystone is eligible to receive certain option
grants pursuant to provisions of the Stock Plan. Previously, the Stock Plan was set to expire on May 11, 2011 and the maximum
number of shares of common stock in respect of which options could be granted under the Stock Plan was 2,000,000. However, on
May 5, 2012, the Board of Directors voted to cause the Stock Plan to be extended for another 10 years and to increase the number
of shares of common stock in respect of which options could be granted to 2,500,000. This number is subject to appropriate equitable
adjustment in the event of a reorganization, stock split or stock dividend or other similar change affecting Greystone s
common stock.  

Price
and Terms   .  Each option is evidenced by an agreement between Greystone and the optionee. Unless otherwise determined
by the Board of Directors at the time of grant, all options become exercisable at the rate of 25% of the total shares subject
to the option on each of the first four anniversary dates of the date of grant, provided that the Board of Directors may, at any
time, accelerate the date any outstanding option becomes exercisable. The exercise price for each share placed under option pursuant
to the Stock Plan is determined by the Board of Directors but cannot in any event be less than 100% of the fair market value of
such share on the date the option was granted.  

Effect
of Termination or Death   .  If an optionee s employment with Greystone is terminated for any reason other than
death or termination for cause, an option will be exercisable for a period of three months after the date of termination of employment
as to all then vested portions of the option. In addition, the Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, approve acceleration
of the vesting of any unvested portions of the option. If an optionee s employment with Greystone is terminated for cause
(as defined in the Stock Plan), the option shall terminate as of the date of such termination of employment, and the optionee
shall have no further rights to exercise any portion of the option. If an optionee dies while employed by Greystone, any unvested
portion of the option as of the date of death shall be vested as of the date of death, and the option shall be exercisable in
full by the heirs or legal representatives of the optionee for a period of 12 months following the date of death. In any event,
options terminate and are no longer exercisable after 10 years from the date of the grant.  

Continued
Service as a Director   .  In the event any optionee who is an employee and also a director of Greystone ceases to
be employed by Greystone but continues to serve as a director of Greystone, the Board of Directors may determine that all or a
portion of such optionee s options shall not expire three months following the date of employment as described above, but
instead shall continue in effect until the earlier of the date the optionee ceases to be a director of Greystone or the date the
option otherwise expires according to its stated date of expiration. Termination of any such option in connection with the optionee s
termination of service as a director will be on terms similar to those described above in connection with termination of employment.  

Grants
to Non-Employee Directors  . In order to retain, motivate and reward non-employee directors of Greystone, the Stock Plan
extends participation to non-employee directors on the terms and conditions described below. The exercise price for options granted
to non-employee directors is equal to 100% of the fair market value per share of common stock on the date the option is granted.
As with options granted to employees, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors at the time of grant, all options
granted to non-employee directors become exercisable at the rate of 25% of the total shares subject to the option on each of the
first four anniversary dates of the date of grant. The Board of Directors is also entitled at any time to accelerate the date
any outstanding option becomes exercisable. If a non-employee director s service on the Board of Directors is terminated
for any reason other than death or removal from the Board of Directors for cause, an option will be exercisable for a period of
three months after the date of removal from the Board of Directors as to all then vested portions of the option. If a non-employee
director is removed from the Board of Directors for cause, the option will terminate as of the date of such removal, and the optionee
shall have no further rights to exercise any portion of the option. If a non-employee director optionee dies while serving on
the Board of Directors, any unvested portion of the option as of the date of death shall be vested as of the date of death, and
the option shall be exercisable in full by the heirs or legal representatives of the optionee for a period of 12 months following
the date of death. In any event, options terminate and are no longer exercisable after 10 years from the date of the grant.  

Other
than as described above, all options granted to non-employee directors are subject to the same terms and conditions generally
applicable to options granted to employees under the Stock Plan.  

Exercise
of Options  . The exercise price of options may be paid in cash, by certified check, by tender of stock of Greystone (valued
at fair market value on the date immediately preceding the date of exercise), by surrender of a portion of the option, or by a
combination of such means of payment. The prior consent of the Board of Directors is required in connection with the payment of
the exercise price of options by tender of shares or surrender of a portion of the option, except that the consent of the Board
of Directors is not required if the exercise price is paid by surrender of shares that have been owned by the optionee for more
than six months prior to the date of exercise of the option or by a combination of cash and shares that have been owned for more
than six months.  

Effect
of Certain Corporate Transactions  . In the event of any change in capitalization affecting the common stock of Greystone,
such as a stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, split-up, combination or exchange of shares or
other form of reorganization, liquidation, or any other change affecting the common stock, proportionate adjustments will be made
with respect to the aggregate number and type of securities for which options may be granted under the Stock Plan, the number
and type of securities covered by each outstanding option, and the exercise price of outstanding options so that optionees will
be entitled upon exercise of options to receive the same number and kind of stock, securities, cash, property or other consideration
that the optionee would have received in connection with the change in capitalization if such option had been exercised immediately
preceding such change in capitalization. The Board of Directors may also make such adjustments in the number of shares covered
by, and the price or other value of any outstanding options in the event of a spin-off or other distribution, other than normal
cash dividends, of company assets to shareholders. In addition, unless the Board of Directors expressly determines otherwise,
in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Stock Plan) of Greystone, all outstanding options will become immediately
and fully exercisable and optionees will be entitled to surrender, within 60 days following the Change in Control, unexercised
options or portions of options in return for a cash payment equal to the difference between the aggregate exercise price of the
surrendered options and the fair market value of the shares of common stock underlying the surrendered options.  

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.    

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans    

As
of May 31, 2018, Greystone had one equity incentive plan under which equity securities have been authorized for issuance to Greystone s
directors, officers, employees and other persons who perform substantial services for or on behalf of Greystone. The following
table provides certain information relating to such stock option plan during the year ended May 31, 2018:  

Equity
    Compensation Plan Information   

(a)            
      (b)            
      (c)        
 
      Plan
    Category       
        Number
                                         of securities to be       issued
                                         upon exercise       of
                                         outstanding options,       warrants
                                         and rights              
        Weighted-average       exercise
                                         price of       outstanding
                                         options,       warrants
                                         and rights              
        Number
                                         of securities remaining       available
                                         for future issuance       under
                                         equity compensation       plans
                                         (excluding securities       reflected
                                         in column (a))          
 
      Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders       
           200,000            
      $    0.12            
           -0-        

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management    

As
of May 31, 2018, Greystone had 28,361,201 shares of its common stock and 50,000 shares of its 2003 preferred stock outstanding.
Each share of the 2003 preferred stock is convertible into approximately 66.67 shares of Greystone s common stock.  

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the shares of Greystone s common stock beneficially owned as of
May 31, 2018, by (i) each person known by Greystone to own beneficially 5% or more of Greystone s outstanding common stock,
(ii) each of Greystone s directors and named officers, and (iii) all of Greystone s directors and named officers as
a group:  

(1)    The
                                         number of shares beneficially owned by each holder is calculated in accordance with the
                                         rules of the Commission, which provide that each holder shall be deemed to be a beneficial
                                         owner of a security if that holder has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of the
                                         security within 60 days through options, warrants or the conversion of another security;
                                         provided, however, if such holder acquires any such rights in connection with or as a
                                         participant in any transaction with the effect of changing or influencing control of
                                         the issuer, then immediately upon such acquisition, the holder will be deemed to be the
                                         beneficial owner of the securities. The number the shares of common stock beneficially
                                         owned by each holder includes common stock directly owned by such holder and the number
                                         of shares of common stock such holder has the right to acquire upon the conversion of
                                         the Senior Preferred Stock and/or upon the exercise of certain options or warrants.   

(2)  
      The percentage ownership
    for each holder is calculated in accordance with the rules of the Commission, which provide that any shares a holder is deemed
    to beneficially own by virtue of having a right to acquire shares upon the conversion of warrants, options or other rights,
    or upon the conversion of preferred stock or other rights are considered outstanding solely for purposes of calculating such
    holder s percentage ownership.   

(3)  
      Each share of Senior
    Preferred Stock is convertible into approximately 66 2/3 shares of Greystone s common stock. Therefore, Mr. Kruger s
    25,000 shares of Senior Preferred Stock are convertible into 1,666,666.66 shares of our common stock and Mr. Rosene s
    25,000 shares of Senior Preferred Stock are convertible into 1,666,666.66 shares of our common stock.   

(4)  
      Total  Voting
    Shares  is defined as the number of shares of common stock outstanding, each share of which receives one vote, plus
    the 3,333,333.32 votes afforded to the holders of our Senior Preferred Stock, or 31,694,534.32 Voting Shares total. The number
    of Voting Shares reported by each reporting person above represents the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned
    by such reporting person plus the number of votes afforded to such reporting person as a holder of shares of Senior Preferred
    Stock, as applicable.   

(5)  
      The total includes:
    (i) 8,501,376 shares of common stock beneficially owned directly by Mr. Kruger; (ii) 19,000 shares held of record by Yorktown;
    (iii) 6,800 shares of common stock that Mr. Kruger holds as custodian for minor children; (iv) 250,000 shares of common stock
    that Mr. Kruger may acquire through the exercise of a warrant; and (v) 1,666,666 shares that Mr. Kruger has the right to acquire
    upon conversion of the Senior Preferred Stock.   

(6)  
      The total includes:
    (i) 255,000 shares of common stock beneficially owned directly by Mr. Rahhal; and (ii) 52,883 shares of common stock which
    Mr. Rahhal owns as a joint tenant.   

(7)  
      The total includes:
    (i) 3,219,051 shares of common stock beneficially owned directly by Mr. Rosene; 250,000 shares of common stock that Mr. Rosene
    may acquire through the exercise of a warrant; and (ii) 1,666,666 shares that Mr. Rosene has the right to acquire upon conversion
    of the Senior Preferred Stock.   

(8)  
      The total includes
    538,703 shares of common stock beneficially owned directly by Mr. LeBarre.   

(9)  
      The total includes:
    (i) 1,767,029 shares of common stock beneficially owned directly by Mr. Pritchard (ii) 9,000 shares of common stock that Mr.
    Pritchard holds as custodian for a minor child and (iii) 35,103 shares held of record by Maritch Services, Inc.   

(10)  
      The director and
    officer group includes each reporting person in the above table other than Mr. Pritchard. The total includes: (i) 12,574,203
    shares of common stock; (ii) 250,000 shares of common stock that Mr. Kruger has the right to acquire by exercising a warrant;
    (iii) 250,000 shares of common stock that Mr. Rosene has the right to acquire by exercising a warrant; (v) 1,666,666 shares
    of common stock that Mr. Kruger has the right to acquire upon conversion of the Senior Preferred Stock; and (vi) 1,666,666
    shares of common stock that Mr. Rosene has the right to acquire upon conversion of the Senior Preferred.   

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    

Transactions
with Related Persons    

General   

For
information regarding loans from or to Warren Kruger, see  Transactions with Warren Kruger and Related Entities  under
the heading  Liquidity and Capital Resources  in Item 7 of this Form10-K.  

For
information regarding an advance from Robert Rosene, see  Advances and Loans from Robert Rosene  under the heading
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  in Item 7 of this Form10-K.  

For
information regarding the loan from IBC and Messrs. Kruger s and Rosene s relationship thereto, see  Loan from
International Bank of Commerce ( IBC ) in Item 7 of this Form 10-K.  

Transactions
with TriEnda Holdings, L.L.C.   

TriEnda
Holdings, L.L.C. ( TriEnda ) is a manufacturer of plastic pallets, protective packaging and dunnage utilizing thermoform
processing of which Warren F. Kruger, Greystone s President and CEO, is the non-executive chairman of the board of directors
of Kruger Brown Holdings, LLC ( KBH ), which owns a majority interest in TriEnda. Mr. Kruger s net interest
through KBH is not a majority ownership interest in TriEnda. Greystone charged a tolling fee to TriEnda for blending and pelletizing
plastic resin using TriEnda s equipment and raw materials. Revenue from TriEnda totaled $531,487 in fiscal year 2017. Effective
March 1, 2017, services to TriEnda were discontinued.  

Greystone
purchases certain pallet designs from TriEnda for resale. During fiscal year 2018, Greystone purchases from TriEnda totaled $68,302.  

Transactions
with Green Plastic Pallets   

Green
Plastic Pallets ( Green ) is an entity owned by James Kruger, a brother to Warren Kruger, Greystone s President
and CEO. Green purchased pallets from Greystone totaling $421,965 and $312,130 in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. At
May 31, 2018, Green owed $55,080 to Greystone.  

Other
Transactions   

Greystone
leases two buildings located in Bettendorf, Iowa, from which it conducts its manufacturing operations, from Greystone Real Estate,
L.L.C., a variable interest entity which is owned by Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a member of Greystone s board of director, and
Warren Kruger, Greystone s President and CEO and a member of Greystone s Board of Directors. Rental payments are $40,266
per month for both buildings.  

Director
Independence    

Greystone
has determined that Messrs. LeBarre and Rosene are  independent  within the meaning of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ
listing standards. Because of the small size of Greystone s Board of Directors, it has not established any committees. Rather,
the entire Board acts as, and performs the same functions as, the audit committee, compensation committee and nominating committee.
Mr. Kruger is not considered  independent  within the meaning of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing standards.  

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.    

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to Greystone by HoganTaylor LLP, Greystone s independent registered public accounting
firm, for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2018 and May 31, 2017:  

(1)Audit
Fees consist of aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of Greystone s annual consolidated
financial statements and review of the interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports or services that
are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2018 and May 31, 2017, respectively.  

The
entire Board of Directors of Greystone is responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the independent
registered public accounting firm and approves in advance any services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting
firm, whether audit-related or not. The entire Board of Directors reviews each proposed engagement to determine whether the provision
of services is compatible with maintaining the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. All of the fees
shown above were pre-approved by the entire Board of Directors.  

PART
IV    

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.    

(a)  
      (1)
      
      Consolidated
    Financial Statements   

The
    financial statements required under this item are included in Item 8 of Part II.   

(2)
      
      Schedules   

None.   

(3)
      
      Exhibits   

**
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report.  

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

GREYSTONE
    LOGISTICS, INC.    

(Registrant)   

Date:
    August 29, 2018  
       /s/
    Warren F. Kruger    

Warren
    F. Kruger   

Director,
    President and Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Date:
    August 29, 2018  
         
       /s/
    Warren F. Kruger    

Warren
    F. Kruger   

Director,
    President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:
    August 29, 2018  
         
       /s/
    Robert B. Rosene, Jr.    

Robert
    B. Rosene, Jr., Director   

Date:
    August 29, 2018  
         
       /s/
    Larry J. LeBarre    

Larry
    J. LeBarre, Director   

Date:
    August 29, 2018  
         
       /s/
    William W. Rahhal    

William
    W. Rahhal, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

Index
to Financial Statements    

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF GREYSTONE LOGISTICS, INC.   

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    
      F-2   

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets    
      F-3   

Consolidated
    Statements of Income    
      F-4   

Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Equity    
      F-5   

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows    
      F-6   

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements    
      F-7   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  

  Greystone
Logistics, Inc.  

Opinion
on the Financial Statements   

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Greystone Logistics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
May 31, 2018 and 2017, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2018 and
2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.  

Basis
for Opinion   

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

/s/
HoganTaylor LLP   

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2007.  

Tulsa,
Oklahoma  

  August
29, 2018  

Greystone
Logistics, Inc. and Subsidiaries   

      Consolidated
Balance Sheets    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Greystone
Logistics, Inc. and Subsidiaries   

      Consolidated
Statements of Income    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Greystone
Logistics, Inc. and Subsidiaries   

      Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Equity    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Greystone
Logistics, Inc. and Subsidiaries   

      Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows     

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

Greystone
Logistics, Inc.   

      Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements    

   May
31, 2018 and 2017   

Note
1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Organization    

Greystone
Logistics, Inc. ( Greystone ), through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Greystone Manufacturing, LLC ( GSM )
and Plastic Pallet Production, Inc. ( PPP ), is engaged in the manufacture and marketing of plastic pallets. and pelletized
recycled plastic resin.  

Principles
of Consolidation    

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Greystone, its subsidiaries and entities required to be consolidated
by the accounting guidance for variable interest entities ( VIE ). All material intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated.  

Greystone
consolidates its VIE, Greystone Real Estate, L.L.C. ( GRE ), which owns the manufacturing facilities which are occupied
by Greystone. GRE is owned by Warren F. Kruger, President and CEO, and Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a member of Greystone s Board
of Directors.  

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of Greystone s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires Greystone s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
these financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.  

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    

Greystone
carries its accounts receivable at their face value less an allowance for doubtful accounts. On a periodic basis, Greystone evaluates
its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of specific customer circumstances,
credit conditions and history of collections. Based on periodic reviews of outstanding accounts receivable, Greystone writes off
balances deemed to be uncollectible against the allowance for doubtful accounts.  

Inventory    

Inventory
consists of finished pallets and raw materials which are stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value.  

Property,
Plant and Equipment    

Greystone s
property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives, as follows:  

Plant
    buildings  
      39
    years   
 
      Production
    machinery and equipment  
      5-12
    years   
 
      Leasehold
    improvements  
      5-7
    years   
 
      Furniture
      fixtures  
      3-5
    years   

Upon
sale, retirement or other disposal, the related costs and accumulated depreciation of items of property, plant or equipment are
removed from the related accounts and any gain or loss is recognized. When events or changes in circumstances indicate that assets
may be impaired, an evaluation is performed comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset to
the asset s carrying amount. If the asset s carrying amount exceeds the cash flows, a write-down to fair value is
required.  

Debt
Issuance Costs   

The
Company capitalizes debt issuance costs as incurred and amortizes such costs on a straight-line basis across the term of the debt.
Debt issuance costs are fully amortized when the debt is repaid or refinanced.  

Stock
Options    

The
grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees is amortized on the straight-line
basis over the vesting period of the award as compensation cost. The fair value of new option grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options,
which have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility, dividend yields and expected holding periods.  

Recognition
of Revenues    

Greystone s
sales agreements to customers, other than one of its primary customers, generally provide for risk of loss to pass to the customers
upon shipment from Greystone s plant in Bettendorf, Iowa. Revenue is recognized for these customers at the date of shipment.  

Greystone s
agreement with one of its major customers provides that (1) risk of loss or damages for product in transit remain with Greystone
and (2) the product is subject to approval and acceptance at the buyer s premises. Accordingly, Greystone recognizes revenue
when product has been delivered to the customer s sites and risk of loss has passed to the customer.  

For
sales to all customers, cost of goods sold is recognized when the related revenue is recognized.  

Income
Taxes    

Greystone
accounts for income taxes under the liability method, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under
this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the consolidated financial statements
and tax bases of assets and liabilities and tax loss carryforwards using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse.  

Earnings
Per Share    

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing the earnings available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for the year. In arriving at income available to common stockholders, preferred stock dividends are deducted
from net income for the year.  

Greystone s
Series 2003 preferred stock, which is convertible into 3,333,333 shares of common stock, was not included in the computation of
diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years 2018 and 2017 as the effect would have been antidilutive.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ) which creates a comprehensive
set of guidelines for the recognition of revenue under the principle:  Recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services.  The requirements of ASU 2014-09 will require either retrospective application to each prior
period presented or retrospective application with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the
date of adoption. On July 9, 2015, FASB voted to approve a one-year deferral of the effective date such that the effective date
for Greystone s interim and annual periods begins June 1, 2018.  

Management
has reviewed the requirements of ASU 2014-09 with its current policies and procedures surrounding revenue recognition. The recognition
of revenue under ASU 2014-09 will not materially change from prior years; however, procedures have been implemented for reviewing
sales agreements for compliance with ASU 2014-09. Additionally, Greystone will adopt ASU 2014-09 on a retrospective basis as the
adoption does not require any changes to Greystone s consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2017.   

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which is intended to improve financial
reporting about leasing transactions. The ASU will require organizations ( lessees ) that lease assets with lease
terms of more than twelve months to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created
by those leases. Organizations that own the assets leased by lessees ( lessors ) will remain largely unchanged from
current GAAP. In addition, the ASU will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand
the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The effective date of this ASU is for fiscal years beginning
after December 31, 2018 and interim periods within that year. Management has reviewed Greystone s leases and determined
that the implementation of ASU 2016-02 will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  

Note
2.  INVENTORY    

Inventory
consists of the following as of May 31:  

Note
3.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT    

A
summary of the property, plant and equipment for Greystone is as follows, as of May 31:  

Property,
plant and equipment includes items which had not been placed into service as of May 31, 2018, as follows:  

Two
plant buildings and land located in Bettendorf, Iowa are owned by GRE, a variable interest entity, and have a net book value of
$3,012,421 at May 31, 2018.  

Depreciation
expense for the years ended May 31, 2018 and 2017 is $3,549,065 and $2,658,501, respectively.  

Note
4.  LONG-TERM DEBT    

Long-term
debt consists of the following as of May 31:  

The
prime rate of interest as of May 31, 2018 was 4.75%. Effective June 15, 2018, the prime rate of interest increased to 5.00%.  

Loan
Agreement between Greystone and International Bank of Commerce ( IBC )    

On
January 31, 2014, Greystone and GSM (the  Borrowers ) and International Bank of Commerce ( IBC ) entered
into a Loan Agreement (the  IBC Loan Agreement ). The IBC Loan Agreement, as amended, provides for certain term loans
and a revolver loan.  

Effective
January 10, 2018, the Borrowers and IBC entered into the Fifth Amendment to the IBC Loan Agreement providing (i) a conversion
of the existing revolver loan with an outstanding balance of $2,500,000 into Term Loan D with a maturity date of January 10, 2022,
(ii) an advancing Term Loan E of $1,000,000 with a maturity date of January 10, 2022 for the procurement of production equipment,
and (iii) an amended and modified revolving loan of $3,000,000 with a maturity date of January 31, 2020. The three notes
bear interest at the greater of the prime rate of interest plus 0.5%, or 4.75%. At May 31, 2018, IBC had advanced $843,200 against
Term Loan E.  

Effective
August 4, 2017, the Borrowers and IBC entered into the Fourth Amendment to the IBC Loan Agreement providing for Term Loan C in
the amount of $1,795,000 for the purchase of certain production equipment. Term Loan C bears interest at the greater of prime
plus 0.5%, or 4.00% and matures August 4, 2020.  

The
IBC term loans make equal monthly payments of principal and interest in such amounts sufficient to amortize the principal balance
of (i) Term Loan A over a seven-year period beginning January 31, 2016 (currently $74,455 per month), (ii) Term Loan C over a
seven-year period beginning August 31, 2017 (currently $25,205 per month) and (iii) Term Loan D over a four-year period beginning
August 4, 2020 (currently $57,469 per month). Term Loan E requires monthly interest payments until January 10, 2019, after which
monthly payments of principal and interest are required in an amount sufficient to amortize the loan over a four-year period.
The monthly payments of principal and interest on the IBC term loans may vary as a result of changes in the prime rate of interest.  

The
IBC Loan Agreement, as amended, provides a revolving loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to $3,000,000 (the  Revolving
Loan ). The exact amount which can be borrowed under the Revolving Loan from time to time is dependent upon the amount of
the borrowing base, but can in no event exceed $3,000,000. The Revolving Loan bears interest at greater of the prime rate of interest
plus 0.5%, or 4.75% and matures January 31, 2020. The Borrowers are required to pay all interest accrued on the outstanding
principal balance of the Revolving Loan on a monthly basis. Any principal on the Revolving Loan that is prepaid by the Borrowers
does not reduce the original amount available to the Borrowers.  

The
IBC Loan Agreement includes customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants which include (i)
requiring the Borrowers to maintain a debt service coverage ratio of 1:25 to 1:00 and a funded debt to EBIDA ratio not exceeding
3:00 to 1:00, (ii) subject to certain exceptions, limiting the Borrowers  combined capital expenditures on fixed assets
to $1,500,000 per year, (iii) prohibiting Greystone, without IBC s prior written consent, from declaring or paying any dividends,
redemptions of stock or membership interests, distributions and withdrawals (as applicable) in respect of its capital stock or
any other equity interest, other than additional payments to holders of its preferred stock in an amount not to exceed $500,000
in any fiscal year, (iv) subject to certain exceptions, prohibiting the incurrence of additional indebtedness by the Borrowers,
and (v) requiring the Borrowers to prevent (A) any change in capital ownership such that there is a material change in the direct
or indirect ownership of (1) Greystone s outstanding preferred stock, and (2) any equity interest in GSM, or (B) Warren
Kruger from ceasing to be actively involved in the management of Greystone as President and/or Chief Executive Officer. The foregoing
list of covenants is not exhaustive and there are several other covenants contained in the IBC Loan Agreement.  

As
of May 31, 2018, Greystone was not in compliance to maintain the debt service coverage ratio required
by the IBC Loan Agreement. IBC issued a waiver, dated August 27, 2018, to Greystone for failure to maintain the debt
service coverage ratio at May 31, 2018.  

The
IBC Loan Agreement includes customary events of default, including events of default relating to non-payment of principal and
other amounts owing under the IBC Loan Agreement from time to time, inaccuracy of representations, violation of covenants, defaults
under other agreements, bankruptcy and similar events, the death of a guarantor, certain material adverse changes relating to
a Borrower or guarantor, certain judgments or awards against a Borrower, or government action affecting a Borrower s or
guarantor s ability to perform under the IBC Loan Agreement or the related loan documents. Among other things, a default
under the IBC Loan Agreement would permit IBC to cease lending funds under the IBC Loan Agreement, and require immediate repayment
of any outstanding loans with interest and any unpaid accrued fees.  

The
IBC Loan Agreement is secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of the Borrowers. In addition, the IBC Loan Agreement
is secured by a mortgage granted by GRE on the real property owned by GRE in Bettendorf, Iowa (the  Mortgage ). GRE
is owned by Warren F. Kruger, Greystone s President and CEO, and Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a director of Greystone. Messrs.
Kruger and Rosene have provided a combined limited guaranty of the Borrowers  obligations under the IBC Loan Agreement,
with such guaranty being limited to a combined amount of $6,500,000 (the  Guaranty ). The Mortgage and the Guaranty
also secure or guaranty, as applicable, the obligations of GRE under the Loan Agreement between GRE and IBC dated January 31,
2014 as discussed in the following paragraph.  

Loan
Agreement between GRE and IBC    

On
January 31, 2014, GRE and IBC entered into a Loan Agreement (Real Estate Term Loan) ( GRE Loan Agreement) which provided
for a mortgage loan to GRE of $3,412,500. The loan provides for a 4.5% interest rate and a maturity of January 31, 2019 and is
secured by a mortgage on the two buildings in Bettendorf, Iowa which are leased to Greystone. As discussed in Note 16, Subsequent
Event, GRE and IBC entered into the First Amendment to the GRE Loan Agreement providing for an extension of the maturity date
of the loan to April 30, 2023 and a new interest rate of 5.5%.  

Note
Payable between Greystone and Robert B. Rosene, Jr.    

Effective
December 15, 2005, Greystone entered into an agreement with Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a member of Greystone s Board of Directors,
to convert $2,066,000 of advances into a note payable at 7.5% interest.  

Effective
June 1, 2016, the note payable to Mr. Rosene was restated (the  Restated Note ) whereby accrued interest of $2,475,690
was combined with the outstanding principal of $2,066,000 resulting in a note payable in the principal amount of $4,541,690 with
an interest rate of 7.5% and a maturity of January 15, 2018, subsequently amended to January 15, 2020. The Restated Note requires
the payment of accrued interest to Mr. Rosene. In addition, the Restated Note allows Greystone to make additional payments, at
Greystone s discretion, up to an amount allowed by the IBC Loan Agreement.  

Note
Payable between Greystone and First Bank    

In
connection with the acquisition of certain equipment from Yorktown Management   Financial Services, LLC ( Yorktown )
effective February 1, 2017, Greystone assumed a note payable in the amount of $1,469,713 between Yorktown and First Bank. The
note bears interest at the prime rate of interest plus 1.45% but not less than 4.95%. The rate of interest was 6.20% at May 31,
2018. The First Bank note is secured by certain production equipment.  

Note
Payable between Greystone and Yorktown Management   Financial Services, LLC ( Yorktown )    

On
February 29, 2016, Greystone entered into an unsecured note payable to Yorktown in the amount of $688,296 in connection with the
acquisition of equipment from Yorktown. The note payable bears interest at the rate of 5% and is payable over three years with
monthly principal and interest payments of $20,629.  

Maturities    

Maturities
of Greystone s long-term debt for the five years after May 31, 2018 are $2,324,046, $8,764,654, $3,470,454, $2,168,481 and
$2,523,961.  

Note
5.  CAPITAL LEASES    

Capital
leases consist of the following as of May 31:  

In
February, 2018, Greystone entered into a five-year lease agreement, interest rate of 7.4% and maturity date of February 24, 2023,
( Agreement A ) with an unrelated private company to provide for certain production equipment with a cost of approximately
$2.0 million. In August, 2016, Greystone entered into a three-year lease agreement, interest rate of 5.0% and maturity date of
August 7, 2019, ( Agreement B ) with the same unrelated private company to provide for certain production equipment
with a total cost of approximately $5.4 million. The lease agreements include a bargain purchase option to acquire the production
equipment at the end of the lease terms. Lease payments are made on a per invoice basis at rates of (i) $3.32 per pallet produced
on the leased equipment and sold to the private company, estimated at $46,000 per month, for Agreement A and (ii) $6.25 per pallet
produced on the equipment and sold to the private company, estimated at $154,000 per month, for Agreement B. Both Agreements A
  B provide for minimum monthly lease rental payments based upon the total pallets sold in excess of a specified amount not
to exceed the monthly productive capacity of the leased machines.  

The
production equipment under the non-cancelable capital leases at May 31, 2018 and 2017 is as follows:  

Amortization
of the carrying amount of $594,578 and $380,233 was included in depreciation expense for the years ended May 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.  

Future
minimum lease payments under non-cancelable capital leases as of May 31, 2018, are approximately:  

Note
6.  DEFERRED REVENUE    

In
February, 2018, a new customer entered into a contract with Greystone to purchase plastics pallets with shipments occurring from
May 2018 through about August 2018. The customer prepaid $4,595,034 to provide funding to Greystone for procuring raw materials
to produce the pallets. Revenue will be recognized by Greystone as pallets are shipped to the customer. The unrecognized balance
at May 31, 2018 was $3,404,334.  

Note
7.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

Transactions
with Warren F. Kruger, Chairman    

Yorktown
Management   Financial Services, LLC ( Yorktown ), an entity wholly owned by Greystone s CEO and President,
owns and rents to Greystone (1) grinding equipment used to grind raw materials for Greystone s pallet production and (2)
extruders for pelletizing recycled plastic into pellets for resale and for use as raw material in the manufacture of pallets.
Greystone compensates Yorktown for the use of equipment as discussed below.  

Rental
fees.  GSM pays weekly rental fees of $22,500 and $5,000 to Yorktown for grinding equipment and pelletizing equipment, respectively.
Total rental fees of approximately $1,430,000 were paid in both fiscal years 2018 and 2017.  

Yorktown
provides office space in Tulsa, Oklahoma for Greystone at a monthly rental of $2,200 until December 31, 2016. Effective January
1, 2017, Greystone and Yorktown entered into a five-year lease for expanded office space at a monthly rental of $4,000 per month.
Total rent expense was $48,000 and $35,400 for fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. At May 31, 2018, future minimum payments
under the non-cancelable operating lease are $48,000 for fiscal years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and $28,000 for fiscal year 2022.  

Acquisitions
from Yorktown.  On September 1, 2016, Yorktown acquired the plastic resin pelletizing equipment from TriEnda Holdings, L.L.C.,
which was used by Greystone to blend and pelletize plastic resin for a tolling fee. During the period from September 1, 2016 through
January 31, 2017, Greystone rented this equipment from Yorktown for a total of $163,204. Effective February 1, 2017, Greystone
acquired this equipment from Yorktown for $1,500,076, which included a cash payment of $30,627 and the assumption of a note payable
to First Bank in the amount of $1,469,713.  

Compensation
related to Loan Guarantees.  Effective September 1, 2016, Greystone s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of warrants
to purchase 250,000 shares of Greystone s common stock for $0.01 per share to Mr. Kruger and a cash payment of $65,000 as
compensation for providing guarantees on Greystone s debt with International Bank of Commerce. The warrants are vested and
expire January 10, 2027. The warrants, valued as of the measurement date for approximately $60,000, and the cash payment were
capitalized as debt issue costs to be amortized over the remaining loan term.  

Transactions
with TriEnda Holdings, L.L.C.    

TriEnda
Holdings, L.L.C. ( TriEnda ) is a manufacturer of plastic pallets, protective packaging and dunnage utilizing thermoform
processing of which Warren F. Kruger, Greystone s President and CEO, is the non-executive chairman of the board of directors
of Kruger Brown Holdings, LLC ( KBH ), which owns a majority interest in TriEnda. Mr. Kruger s net interest
through KBH is not a majority ownership interest in TriEnda. Greystone charged a tolling fee to TriEnda for blending and pelletizing
plastic resin using TriEnda s equipment and raw materials. Revenue from TriEnda totaled $538,024 in fiscal year 2017. Effective
March 1, 2017, services to TriEnda were discontinued.  

Greystone
purchases certain pallet designs from TriEnda for resale. During fiscal year 2018, Greystone purchases from TriEnda totaled $68,302.  

Transactions
with Robert B. Rosene, Jr., Director    

Note
payable.  Effective December 15, 2005, Greystone entered into an agreement with Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a member of Greystone s
Board of Directors, to convert $2,066,000 of advances into a note payable at 7.5% interest. Effective June 1, 2016, the note payable
to Mr. Rosene was restated (the  Restated Note ) whereby the accrued interest as of June 1, 2016 of $2,475,690 was
combined with the outstanding principal of $2,066,000, resulting in a note payable in the principal amount of $4,541,690 with
an interest rate of 7.5% and a maturity of January 15, 2018, subsequently amended to January 15, 2020. The Restated Note requires
the payment of accrued interest to Mr. Rosene. In addition, the Restated Note allows Greystone to make additional payments, at
Greystone s discretion, up to an amount allowed by the IBC Loan Agreement.  

Compensation
related to Loan Guarantees.  Effective September 1, 2016, Greystone s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of warrants
to purchase 250,000 shares of Greystone s common stock for $0.01 per share to Mr. Rosene and a cash payment of $65,000 as
compensation for providing guarantees on Greystone s debt with International Bank of Commerce. The warrants are vested and
expire January 10, 2027. The warrants, valued as of the measurement date for approximately $60,000, and the cash payment were
capitalized as debt issue costs to be amortized over the remaining loan term.  

Transactions
with Green Plastic Pallets    

Green
Plastic Pallets ( Green ) is an entity owned by James Kruger, a brother to Warren Kruger, Greystone s President
and CEO. Green purchased pallets from Greystone totaling $421,966 and $312,130 in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. At
May 31, 2018, Green owed $55,080 to Greystone.  

Note
8.  FEDERAL INCOME TAXES    

Deferred
taxes as of May 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:  

In
assessing the reliability of deferred tax assets, management considers the likelihood of whether it is more likely than not the
net deferred tax asset will be realized. Based on this evaluation, management has determined that Greystone will be able to realize
the full effect of the deferred tax asset and no valuation allowance has been recorded as of May 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

The
net change in deferred taxes for the year ended May 31, 2018 and 2017 is as follows:  

The
provision for income taxes at May 31, 2018 and 2017 consists of the following:  

Greystone s
provision for income taxes for the years ended May 31, 2018 and 2017 differs from the federal statutory rate as follows:  

On
December 22, 2017, the President signed into legislation The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act). The Act changes existing U.S. tax
law and included numerous provisions that will affect Greystone s business, including income tax accounting, disclosure
and tax compliance. Greystone revalued all deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the date of the Act. The result of this revaluation
was an increase in deferred taxes in the amount of $57,039 and a like decrease in the provision for income taxes.  

At
May 31, 2018, Greystone had a net operating loss (NOL) for Federal income tax purposes from inception through May 31, 2005 of
$14,467,000 expiring in fiscal year 2019 through fiscal year 2025 of which $1,575,000 is management s estimate of the usable
amount pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The limitation is due to a change in control of Greystone during the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2005. The utilization of NOL s accumulated through fiscal year 2005 is limited to approximately $225,000
per year.  

Note
9.  STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

Convertible
Preferred Stock    

In
September 2003, Greystone issued 50,000 shares of Series 2003, cumulative, convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001, for
a total purchase price of $5,000,000. Each share of the preferred stock has a stated value of $100 and a dividend rate equal to
the prime rate of interest plus 3.25% and may be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $1.50 per share or an aggregate
of 3,333,333 shares of common stock. The holder of the preferred stock has been granted certain voting rights so that such holder
has the right to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of Greystone. Preferred stock dividends must be fully paid before
a dividend on the common stock may be paid.  

Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock    

Effective
September 1, 2016, Greystone s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of warrants to purchase 250,000 shares of Greystone s
common stock for $0.01 per share to each of Warren F. Kruger, President and CEO, and Robert B. Rosene, Jr., a member of Greystone s
board, as compensation for providing guarantees on Greystone s debt with IBC. The warrants are vested and expire January
10, 2027. The issuance was capitalized as debt issuance cost as of the measurement date for approximately $120,000 and amortized
over the remaining guaranty term.  

The
value of Greystone s common stock on September 1, 2016 was $0.24 per share. The estimated fair value at the date of the
grant for the warrants utilizing the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option
model for fiscal year 2017 are as follows:  

Estimated fair value
    of warrants at date of grant       
      $    120,000        
 
      Black-Scholes model assumptions       

Average expected
    life (years)       
           6        
 
      Average expected
    volatility factor       
           145.77    %   
 
      Average risk-free
    interest rate       
           4.0    %   
 
      Average expected
    dividend yields       
      $    -0-        

Note
10.  STOCK OPTIONS    

Greystone
has a stock option plan that provides for the granting of options to key employees and non-employee directors. The options are
to purchase common stock at not less than fair market value at the date of the grant. Stock options generally expire in ten years
from the date of grant or upon termination of employment, and are generally exercisable one year from date of grant in cumulative
annual installments of 25%. Following is a summary of option activity for the two years ended May 31, 2018:  

Share-based
compensation cost was $-0- and $53,424 for fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

Note
11.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    

The
following methods and assumptions are used in estimating the fair-value disclosures for financial instruments:  

Cash,
Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable: The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash, accounts receivable and
accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.  

Long-Term
Debt: The carrying amount of loans with floating rates of interest approximate fair value. Fixed rate loans are valued based on
cash flows using estimated rates for comparable loans. As of May 31, 2018 and 2017, the carrying amounts reported in the balance
sheet approximate fair value for the variable and fixed rate loans.  

Note
12.  SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION OF CASH FLOWS    

Supplemental
information of cash flows for the years ended May 31, 2018 and 2017:  

Note
13.  CONCENTRATIONS    

For
the fiscal years 2018 and 2017, Greystone had two customers that accounted for approximately 76% and 71% of total sales, respectively.  

Greystone
purchases damaged pallets from its customers at a price based on the value of the raw material content of the pallet. A majority
of these purchases are from one of Greystone s major customers which were approximately $1,616,469 and $1,611,000 in fiscal
years 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

Note
14.  VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (VIE)    

Greystone
Real Estate, L.L.C.    

GRE,
is owned by Warren Kruger, President and CEO, and Robert Rosene, a member of the Board of Directors. GRE was created solely to
own and lease buildings that GSM occupies in Bettendorf, Iowa.  

The
buildings, having a carrying value of $3,012,421 and $3,128,293 at May 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, serve as collateral for
GRE s debt. The debt had a carrying value of $2,652,428 and $2,841,285 at May 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

Note
15.  COMMITMENTS    

At
May 31, 2018, Greystone had outstanding commitments totaling $2,071,400 for the acquisition of equipment.  

Note
16.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT    

On
August 8, 2018, Greystone and IBC entered into the Sixth Amendment to the IBC Loan Agreement dated January 31, 2014 (the  Sixth
Amendment ) whereby IBC made an additional term loan to Borrowers in the original principal amount of $3,600,000 ( Term
Loan F ). Term Loan F has an interest rate of the prime rate of interest plus 0.5% but not less than 5.25% and a maturity
date of February 8, 2021. The monthly principal and interest payments are based on an amortization of the principal over 60 months.
The proceeds from Term Loan F will be used to acquire new production equipment. In addition, the Sixth Amendment included extensions
for Term Loan A to April 30, 2023 and Term Loan C to July 31, 2020.  

On
August 8, 2018, Greystone Real Estate, L.L.C. and IBC entered into the First Amendment to Loan Agreement (Real Estate Term Loan)
dated January 31, 2014 ( Agreement ) changing the rate of interest to 5.5% and extending the maturity date of the
loan to April 30, 2023.  

Index
to Exhibits   

Exhibit   
                                                                                                                              No.    
         
       Description    
 
      2.1  
         
       Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging PalWeb Corporation, a Delaware corporation, into PalWeb Oklahoma Corporation, an Oklahoma corporation, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 2, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Greystone s Form 8-K12G3 dated May 2, 2002, which was filed with the SEC on May 24, 2002).    

2.2  
         
       Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging PalWeb Corporation, a Delaware corporation, into PalWeb Oklahoma Corporation, an Oklahoma corporation, filed with the Oklahoma Secretary of State on May 2, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of Greystone s Form 8-K12G3 dated May 2, 2002, which was filed with the SEC on May 24, 2002).    

3.1  
         
       Certificate of Incorporation of PalWeb Oklahoma Corporation filed with the Oklahoma Secretary of State on May 2, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Greystone s Form 8-K12G3 dated May 2, 2002, which was filed with the SEC on May 24, 2002).    

3.2  
         
       Bylaws of PalWeb Oklahoma Corporation as adopted on May 2, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Greystone s Form 8-K12G3 dated May 2, 2002, which was filed with the SEC on May 24, 2002).    

4.1  

Certificate of Incorporation of PalWeb Oklahoma Corporation filed with the Oklahoma Secretary of State on May 2, 2002 (included in Exhibit 3.1).    

4.2  
         
       Certificate of the Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of PalWeb Corporation s Series 2003 Cumulative Convertible Senior Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Greystone s Form 8-K dated September 8, 2003, which was filed with the SEC on September 23, 2003).    

4.3  
         
       Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging Greystone Logistics, Inc., into PalWeb Corporation filed with the Oklahoma Secretary of State on March 18, 2005 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Greystone s Form 8-K dated March 18, 2005, which was filed with the SEC on March 24, 2005).    

10.1**  
         
       Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Greystone s Form 10-KSB for the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2002, which was filed with the SEC on September 13, 2002).    

10.2**  
         
       Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.8 of Greystone s Form 10-KSB for the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2001, which was filed with the SEC on September 13, 2001).    

10.3**  
         
       Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.9 of Greystone s Form 10-KSB for the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2001, which was filed with the SEC on September 13, 2001).    

10.4**  
         
       Form of Nonemployee Director Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.10 of Greystone s Form 10-KSB for the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2001, which was filed with the SEC on September 13, 2001).    

10.5
    **  
         
       Form of Employee Director Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of Greystone s Form 10-KSB for the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2002, which was filed with the SEC on September 13, 2002).    

10.6  

Loan Agreement dated January 31, 2014, among Greystone Logistics, Inc., Greystone Manufacturing, L.L.C. and International Bank of Commerce (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Greystone s Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2014).    

10.7  
         
       Promissory Note (Revolving Loan) dated January 31, 2014, made by Greystone Logistics, Inc. and Greystone Manufacturing, L.L.C. in favor of International Bank of Commerce (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Greystone s Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2014).    

10.8  
         
       Promissory Note (Equipment Term Loan) dated January 31, 2014, made by Greystone Logistics, Inc. and Greystone Manufacturing, L.L.C. in favor of International Bank of Commerce (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Greystone s Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2014).    

**
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report.  

<EX-10.13>
 2
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit
10.13   

SIXTH
AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT  

THIS
SIXTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is made as of August 8, 2018 (the   Effective
Date  ) among  INTERNATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE , an Oklahoma state banking corporation, successor in interest to
International Bank of Commerce, a Texas state banking association (  Lender  ),  GREYSTONE LOGISTICS, INC. ,
an Oklahoma corporation,  GREYSTONE MANUFACTURING, L.L.C. , an Oklahoma limited liability company (together, the   Borrowers  ),
and the undersigned Guarantors, and ratifies and amends (a) the Loan Agreement (Revolving Loan and Equipment Term Loan) dated
as of January 31, 2014, as previously amended five times, most recently by the Fifth Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of January
10, 2018 among Borrowers and Lender (as so amended, the   Loan Agreement  ), and (b) the other Loan Documents,
as and to the extent described below.  

Borrowers,
Guarantors and Lender agree as follows:  

1.  Definitions .
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.  

2.  Amendments .
The   Maturity Date   specified in the third paragraph of Term Note A for Term Loan A is extended
until April 30, 2023. To evidence this extension, Borrowers shall execute and deliver to Lender a replacement to Term Note A
dated as of the Effective Date. Additionally, Lender has agreed to extend a new term loan to Borrowers, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Amendment and the Loan Documents, and modify certain other provisions of the Loan Agreement.
Accordingly, the Loan Agreement is amended as follows:  

(a)
The following new definitions are added to  Section 1.1  of the Loan Agreement in appropriate alphabetical
order:  

Sixth
Amendment   means the Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement among Borrowers, Guarantors and Lender dated as of the Sixth
Amendment Date.  

Sixth
Amendment Date   means August 8, 2018.  

Term
Loan F   has the meaning provided in  Section 2.2(f) .  

Term
Note F   means the Promissory Note dated as of the Sixth Amended Date executed by Borrowers in favor of Lender in the
original principal amount of Term Loan F, as amended, modified, replaced, restated, extended or renewed from time to time.  

(b)
The following existing definitions in  Section 1.1  of the Loan Agreement are amended and restated in their entirety
as follows:  

Term
Loans   means Term Loan A, Term Loan B, Term Loan C, Term Loan D, Term Loan E and Term Loan F.  

Term
Note A   means the Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated as of the Sixth Amendment Date executed by the Borrowers
in favor of the Lender in the outstanding principal amount of Term Loan A as of the Sixth Amendment Date, as amended, modified,
replaced, restated, extended or renewed from time to time  

Term
Notes   means Term Note A, Term Note B, Term Note C, Term Note D, Term Note E and Term Note F.  

(c)
Subpart(I)(i) of the definition of   Eligible Receivables   in  Section 1.1  of the Loan Agreement is
amended and restated in its entirety as follows:  

(i)
the account is not paid (A) in the case of any account owing by Anheuser Busch Companies, LLC or its subsidiaries, within 120
days from its invoice date, (B) in the case of Molson Coors Brewing Company or its subsidiaries, within 120 days from its
invoice date or (C) in the case of all other accounts, within 60 from its invoice date  

(d)
The following is added to the Loan Agreement as a new  Section 2.2(f) :  

(f)
Lender shall make an advancing term loan to Borrowers in the original principal amount of $3,600,000 (  Term Loan
F  ).  

(e)
The following is added to the Loan Agreement as a new  Section 2.3(g) :  

(g)
Term Loan F is available in a single disbursement on the Sixth Amendment Date. Lender is not obligated to make any
disbursement until all conditions precedent to the Sixth Amendment have been satisfied.  

(f)
The following is added to the Loan Agreement as a new  Section 2.4(g) :  

(g)
Term Loan F is evidenced by, and Borrowers shall repay Term Loan F in accordance with, Term Note F. Interest will accrue on
the outstanding principal balance of Term Loan F as described in Term Note F, except as otherwise provided in the Loan
Documents.  

(g)  Section
8.1  of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:  

Section
8.1.   Use of Proceeds.  Borrowers shall use (a) the Revolving Loan proceeds only for general working capital
purposes, (b) the Equipment Term Loan proceeds only for repaying the F M Debt, paying the Closing Dividend and financing
the Yorktown Equipment Acquisition, (c) the New Equipment Loan proceeds only for financing the Milacron Equipment Acquisition
and paying Lender s fees and costs associated with the First Amendment, (d) Term Loan C proceeds only for financing the
Second Milacron Equipment Acquisition and paying Lender s fees and costs associated with the Fourth Amendment, (e) Term
Loan E proceeds only for financing the acquisition of injection product molding equipment, and (f) Term Loan F proceeds only
for acquiring additional injection product molding and other equipment.  

(h)  Section
8.10(f)  of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follow:  

(f)
Additional Debt for business purposes that does not exceed a total principal amount of $500,000 outstanding at any one
times.  

3.  Effect
of this Amendment . Except as expressly provided above, this Amendment is not a waiver of, amendment to, consent to or
modification of (a) any term or provision of any of the Loan Documents, or (b) any event, condition, or transaction on the
part of any Person.  

4.  Ratification
of Loan Documents . The Loan Documents remain in full force and effect as amended by this Amendment. Each Borrower and
each Guarantor (a) ratifies and confirms in all respects each Loan Document to which it is a party; (b) agrees that each Loan
Document remains in full force and effect; and (c) confirms, ratifies and agrees that, as applicable, the terms
 Obligations ,  Guaranteed Obligations ,  Secured Obligations ,
 Indebtedness  and any other similar term as used in any of the Loan Documents (including the Loan Agreement, the
Security Agreement, the Mortgage, and any Guaranty Agreement), each include all indebtedness and obligations of Borrower to
Lender under the Loan Documents, including the Loan extended by this Amendment.  

5.  Conditions .
The effectiveness of this Amendment (and Lender s obligation to extend Term Loan F) is subject to satisfaction of the following
conditions precedent, each of which exist for Lender s sole benefit and may be waived by Lender only (in its sole discretion):  

(a)  Documents .
Lender s receipt of the following, each properly executed, each dated the Effective Date (or, in the case of certificates
of governmental officials, a recent date before the date of the Amendment) and each in form and substance satisfactory to Lender
and its legal counsel:  

(i) this
Amendment;  

(ii) Term
Note A and Term Note F;  

(iii) one
or more certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates as Lender requires with
accompanying governing documents for the Borrowers and Greystone Real Estate and actions and resolutions of the Borrowers and
Greystone Real Estate in connection with this Amendment; and  

(iv) all
other documents and instruments requested by Lender.  

(b)  Fees
and Expenses . If required by Lender, Borrowers  shall pay all out-of-pocket expenses required under  Section 7 
of this Amendment. If Lender elects, in its sole discretion, to waive collection of any fees and expenses as a condition to the
effectiveness of this Amendment, Borrowers will remain obligated to pay those fees and expenses, which are due and payable on
the Effective Date.  

6.  Representations
and Warranties . Each Borrower and each Guarantor represents and warrants to the Lender that as of the date of this Amendment:  

(a) its
representations and warranties in the Loan Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as though
made on Effective Date, except to the extent that any of them speak to a different specific date, in which case they are true
and correct in all material respects as of the earlier date;  

(b) as
of the Effective Date, (A) no Default or Event of Default exists, and (B) no Default or Event of Default exists under, and as
defined in, the Greystone Real Estate Loan Agreement;  

(c) its
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and all other Loan Documents executed by it in connection with this Amendment
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, as applicable, and do not and will not
contravene the terms of any of its organizational documents, any law or any indenture, loan or credit agreement, or any other
material agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or to which it or its properties are subject;  

(d) no
authorizations, approvals or consents of, and no filings or registrations with, any governmental authority or any other Person
are necessary for the execution, delivery or performance by such Borrower or Guarantor of this Amendment or the other Loan Documents
executed by it in connection with this Amendment, or for the validity or enforceability thereof; and  

(e) this
Amendment and each other Loan Document to which it is a party constitutes such Borrower s or Guarantor s legal, valid
and binding obligations, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, in all cases except as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally or
by equitable principles relating to enforceability, and by judicial discretion regarding the enforcement of or any applicable
laws affecting remedies (whether considered in a court of law or a proceeding in equity).  

7.  Fees
and Expenses .  

(a) Borrower
shall pay Lender an origination fee equal to 0.5% of the principal amount of Term Loan F. This fee is due on the Effective Date.  

(b) In
accordance with  Section 10.5  of the Loan Agreement (and without in any way limiting its provisions), Borrowers shall pay
all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Lender s
counsel (determined on the basis of such counsel s generally applicable rates) in connection with (i) this Amendment, the
preparation of this Amendment and any other Loan Documents, and any filings or other documents or instruments required in connection
with the preparation of this Amendment or the other Loan Documents, and (ii) the enforcement, collection or protection of its
rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring
or negotiations in respect the Loan Documents and this Agreement. Expenses being reimbursed by Borrowers under this Section include,
without limitation, costs and expenses incurred in connection with appraisals, field examinations, insurance reviews, flood determinations,
lien and title searches and title insurance, and recording and filing fees or taxes.  

8.  Events
of Default Unaffected . Nothing in this Amendment is a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, or of any right or remedy
available to the Lender by reason of the occurrence or existence of any Default or Event of Default.  

9.  Releases .
Each Borrower and each Guarantor, for itself and on behalf of all its predecessors, successors, assigns, agents, employees, representatives,
officers, directors, managers, members, shareholders, beneficiaries, trustees, administrators, subsidiaries, Affiliates, employees,
servants and attorneys (collectively the   Releasing Parties  ), releases and forever discharges Lender and its
successors, assigns, partners, directors, officers, agents, attorneys, and employees from any and all claims, demands, cross-actions,
controversies, causes of action, damages, rights, liabilities and obligations, at law or in equity whatsoever, known or unknown,
now held, owned or possessed by any or all of the Releasing Parties or that any or all of the Releasing Parties hold or claim
to hold in the future as a result of any actions or inactions occurring on or before the Effective Date, under common law or statutory
right, arising directly or indirectly out of out of the Loans, any of the Loan Documents, or any of the documents, instruments
or any other transactions relating thereto or the transactions contemplated thereby. Each Borrower and each Guarantor understands
and agrees that this is a full, final and complete release and agrees that this release may be pleaded as an absolute and final
bar to any or all suit or suits pending or that are filed or prosecuted in the future by any of the Releasing Parties, or anyone
claiming by, through or under any of the Releasing Parties, in respect of any of the matters released hereby, and that no recovery
on account of the matters described herein may hereafter be had from anyone whomsoever, and that the consideration given for this
release is not an admission of liability.  

10.  Governing
Law; Miscellaneous .  T his Amendment is governed by the Loan Agreement, including
the rules of construction provided in  Section 1.2  and the miscellaneous provisions of  Article X  thereof. Unless
stated otherwise, (a) the singular number includes the plural and  vice versa  and words of any gender include each other
gender, in each case, as appropriate, (b) headings and captions may not be construed in interpreting provisions, and (c) this
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signatories had signed the same document,
and all of those counterparts must be construed together to constitute the same document.  

[  Signature
Pages Attached ]   

THIS
SIXTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT is executed and delivered by the undersigned effective as of the Effective Date.  

BORROWERS     

GREYSTONE
    LOGISTICS, INC. ,    

an
    Oklahoma corporation   

By:  
       /s/
    Warren F. Kruger    

Warren
    F. Kruger, President/CEO   

GREYSTONE
    MANUFACTURING, L.L.C. ,    

an
    Oklahoma limited liability company   

By:  
       /s/
    Warren F. Kruger    

Warren
    F. Kruger, Manager   

Signature
Page   

   Sixth
Amendment to Loan Agreement   

THIS
SIXTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT is executed and delivered by the undersigned effective as of the Effective Date.  

GUARANTORS     

/s/
    Warren F. Kruger    

Warren
    F. Kruger   

/s/
    Robert B. Rosene Jr,    

Robert
    B. Rosene, Jr.   

Signature
Page   

   Sixth
Amendment to Loan Agreement   

THIS
SIXTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT is executed and delivered by the undersigned effective as of the Effective Date.  

LENDER     

INTERNATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,   
          an
        Oklahoma state banking corporation, successor in interest to International Bank of Commerce, a Texas state banking association

By:  
       /s/
    Andrew J. Levinson    

Andrew J. Levinson   

President - Tulsa Region   

Signature
Page    

   Sixth
Amendment to Loan Agreement   

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit
10.14   

PROMISSORY
NOTE 
(Term Loan F)  

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE (as amended, modified, replaced, restated, extended or renewed from time to time, this   Note  )
is made as of the date indicated above and evidences indebtedness of  GREYSTONE LOGISTICS, INC. , an Oklahoma corporation,
and  GREYSTONE MANUFACTURING, L.L.C. , an Oklahoma limited liability company (collectively, the   Borrowers  
and each individually, a   Borrower  ), to  INTERNATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE , an Oklahoma state banking corporation
(together with any and all of its successors and assigns and/or any other holder of this Note, the   Lender  ).  

Borrowers
jointly and severally promise to pay to the order of Lender the principal sum of $3,600,000.00, or so much thereof as has been
advanced and is outstanding, in legal and lawful money of the United States of America, with interest as it accrues on the outstanding
principal balance from the date of this Note until paid. This Note is executed pursuant to, and is the   Term Note F  
described in, the Loan Agreement dated January 31, 2014 among the Borrowers and the Lender, as amended six times, most recently
by the Sixth Amendment to Loan Agreement of even date herewith among Borrowers and the Lender (as so amended, and as further amended,
modified or restated from time to time, the   Loan Agreement  ). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Note have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement.  

Interest
will accrue on the outstanding principal balance of this Note at an annual interest rate equal to the greater of (a) the floating
  Prime Rate   (defined below) as it fluctuates from time to time,  plus  0.5%, or (b) 5.25%, but will not
exceed an annual rate equal to the lesser of (x) 6.95%, or (y) the highest non-usurious rate of interest permitted by (i) Oklahoma
Law or (ii) United States Federal Law, if and only if Federal Law permits a higher interest rate (the   Maximum Rate  ).
The rate of interest due on this Note will be recomputed as of the date of any change in the Prime Rate.  

Borrowers
shall pay Lender all accrued but unpaid interest on this Note s outstanding principal balance on August 31, 2018 and on
the last day of each following month until February 28, 2019 (the   Amortization Start Date  ). On the Amortization
Start Date and on the last day of each following month until February 8, 2021 (this date, or any earlier date on which this Note s
principal balance is accelerated in full in accordance with the Loan Documents, the   Maturity Date  ), Borrowers
shall make combined payments of principal and interest. Borrowers  first payment of principal and interest will be in an
amount sufficient to amortize the original principal balance of this Note over 60 months (the   Amortization Period  )
at the interest rate applicable on the first payment date. Borrowers  monthly payment will be recalculated as of the first
day of the month after any change in the applicable interest rate (each a   Recalculation Date  ), subject to
the provisions below. Each recalculation will be based upon the outstanding principal balance of this Note on the Recalculation
Date, the remaining portion of the Amortization Period as of the Recalculation Date, and the interest rate then in effect. Notwithstanding
the fixed monthly payments due and payable under this paragraph between each Recalculation Date, principal sums due and outstanding
will continue to bear interest at all times at the interest rate applicable to this Note. If the actual amount applied to principal
at any time is less than the amount that would have been applied to principal if the indebtedness evidenced by this Note were
amortized over the Amortization Period, with adjustments to the payment amount occurring on the same date as any changes in the
applicable interest rate, then Lender may include such amount in the recalculation of the monthly payment on the Recalculation
Date. Amounts repaid under this Note (including prepaid amounts) may not be reborrowed.  

Lender
will apply sums paid in excess of the amount sufficient to cause the indebtedness hereunder to be amortized over the Amortization
Period to reduce principal sums outstanding. Lender shall notify Borrowers of revisions in payment amounts, and Lender s
determinations with respect thereto will be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. Any failure by Lender to revise the payment
amount hereunder at any time does not constitute a waiver of Lender s ability to do so thereafter, whether with respect
to an immediately preceding increase in the applicable interest rate or a subsequent increase in such rate, and regardless of
any lapse of time between such increase and the notice of a revision in a payment amount. Subsequent decreases in the rate will
not obligate Lender to reduce the amount of any monthly installments hereunder. Regardless, Borrowers shall pay all unpaid principal
and accrued interest on the Maturity Date, if not previously paid in full.  

Lender
will apply each payment as of its scheduled due date and in the order of application as Lender elects in its sole discretion.
 All payments will be made to the Lender by mailing payment to P.O. Box 26020, Oklahoma City, OK 73126-0020 or by delivering
payment in person at 2250 E. 73rd Street, Tulsa, OK 74136.    

The
principal of this Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time, without premium or penalty.  

The
  Prime Rate   is the NEW YORK PRIME RATE, which for purposes of this Note means the annual lending rate of interest
announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as its prime rate. If JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. does not announce its
prime rate, then the IBC Prime Rate minus one percent (1%) will be the Prime Rate. The IBC Prime Rate is the annual lending rate
of interest announced from time to time by International Bank of Commerce as its prime rate.  

Use
of either the New York Prime Rate or the IBC Prime Rate is not a warranty or representation by Lender that such rate is more favorable
than another rate or index, that rates on other loans or credit facilities may not be based on other indices or that rates on
loans to others may not be made below such prime rate.  

Interest
under this Note is calculated on a 360-day factor applied on a 365-day year or a 366-day year (if the year is a leap year) on
the unpaid principal to the date of each installment paid. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or
the other Loan Documents, interest under this Note shall not exceed the Maximum Rate. If the calculation of interest on the principal
sum of this Note results in the interest rate in effect under this Note exceeding the Maximum Rate, then such interest will be
recalculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in the period for which interest is being calculated and a year
of 365 or 366 days, as applicable.  

To
the extent allowed by Law, matured unpaid amounts will bear interest computed on a full calendar year 365/365 days basis, or on
a 366/366 days basis (if the year is a leap year), at a rate of interest equal to the lesser of (a) four percent (4%) per annum
above the rate then in effect, or (ii) the Maximum Rate.  

If
any payment required under this Note is not made within ten (10) days from the due date, Lender may in its sole discretion, to
the extent permitted by law, require the Borrowers to pay a one-time  late charge  per late payment equal to five
percent (5%) of the amount of the past due principal and interest of such payment, with a minimum of $10.00 and a maximum of $1,500.00
per late payment. The  late charge  may be assessed without notice, and shall be immediately due and payable. This
provision is inapplicable if the outstanding indebtedness under the Note is accelerated in full.  

The
Borrowers shall pay all outstanding unpaid principal, all accrued and unpaid interest, and all fees accrued and unpaid late charges,
and/or other charges incurred in this transaction by, or for the benefit of the Borrowers, that remain due and owing, on the Maturity
Date.  

If
all or a part of the indebtedness represented by this Note is collected at Law or in equity or in bankruptcy, receivership or
other court proceedings or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, each Borrower and any
endorser or guarantor hereof agree to pay hereunder, in addition to the principal and interest due and payable hereon, reasonable
attorneys  fees, court costs and other collection expenses incurred by the holder hereof.  

Each
Borrower and any endorser or guarantor hereof hereby waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of nonpayment, protest and
notice of protest with respect to any payment hereunder and agree to any extension of time with respect to any payment due hereunder,
to any substitution or release of the security or collateral described in the Security Instruments and to the addition or release
of any party liable hereunder. No delay on the part of the holder hereof in exercising any rights hereunder shall operate as a
waiver of such rights.  

This
Note and the indebtedness evidenced hereby shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the Law of the State
of Oklahoma, without regard to any conflict-of-law principles that would apply the Law of any other jurisdiction.  

Each
of the undersigned, as a Borrower, and all others who are or become parties primarily or secondarily liable on this Note, whether
as endorsers, guarantors or otherwise, hereby agree that this Note may be renewed one or more times, the time for payment of this
Note or any renewal Note extended, the interest rate or other terms of the indebtedness evidenced hereby changed, any party released,
or any action taken or omitted with respect to any collateral security, including surrender of such security or failure to perfect
any lien thereon, without notice or without releasing any of them, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing, and the obligation
of such party shall survive whether or not the instrument evidencing such obligation shall have been surrendered or canceled.
All such parties waive presentment, demand for payment, protest and notice of nonpayment or dishonor and agree that failure of
this holder to exercise any of its rights hereunder in any instance shall not constitute a waiver thereof in that or any other
instance.  

This
Note is non-assumable by any successor to or assignee of the Borrowers without the Lender s prior written approval. If the
Lender approves any such assumption, the terms of this Note shall be binding upon the Borrowers  respective successors and
assigns. The terms of this Note shall inure to the benefit of the Lender and its successors and assigns.  

EACH
BORROWER HEREBY AGREES TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTIONAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN  SECTION 10.17  OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT, INCORPORATED
HEREIN BY REFERENCE AND EXPRESSLY MADE APPLICABLE IN ITS ENTIRETY TO THIS NOTE AND THE BORROWERS.   

EACH
BORROWER AGREES THAT ANY AND ALL CONTROVERSIES OR CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE, ITS NEGOTIATION AND/OR THE BREACH THEREOF,
WILL BE RESOLVED AS SET FORTH IN  SECTION 10.16  OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT, INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE AND EXPRESSLY MADE
APPLICABLE IN ITS ENTIRETY TO THIS NOTE AND THE BORROWERS.   

WITHOUT
INTENDING IN ANY WAY TO LIMIT THE PARTIES  AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ANY DISPUTE AS SET FORTH IN THE LOAN AGREEMENT (AND INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE INTO THIS NOTE), TO THE EXTENT ANY DISPUTE IS NOT SUBMITTED TO ARBITRATION OR IS DEEMED BY THE ARBITRATOR OR BY ANY
COURT WITH JURISDICTION TO BE NOT ARBITRABLE OR NOT REQUIRED TO BE ARBITRATED, EACH BORROWER WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF
ANY SUCH DISPUTE AND ANY ACTION ON SUCH DISPUTE. THIS WAIVER IS KNOWINGLY, WILLINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY MADE BY EACH BORROWER, AND
EACH BORROWER HEREBY REPRESENTS THAT NO REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT OR OPINION HAVE BEEN MADE BY ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO INDUCE THIS
WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR TO IN ANY WAY MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES
ENTERING INTO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS. LENDER IS AUTHORIZED TO FILE A COPY OF THIS SECTION IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE
OF THIS WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH BORROWER FURTHER REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS BEEN REPRESENTED IN THE SIGNING OF THIS
AGREEMENT AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, OR HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BE REPRESENTED BY INDEPENDENT
LEGAL COUNSEL SELECTED OF ITS OWN FREE WILL, AND THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS THIS WAIVER WITH COUNSEL.   

EACH
BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES EXECUTION OF THIS NOTE AND HAVING READ ALL OF ITS PROVISIONS AND AGREES TO ITS TERMS.   

THIS
WRITTEN AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS,
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES .  

[  Signature
Page Attached ]   

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE is executed and delivered by the undersigned as of the first date indicated on the first page.  

BORROWERS:    

GREYSTONE LOGISTICS, INC. ,  
                                                                       an Oklahoma corporation     

By:   
       /s/ Warren F. Kruger    

Warren F. Kruger, President/CEO   

GREYSTONE MANUFACTURING, L.L.C. ,  
                                                                       an Oklahoma limited liability company    

By:  
       /s/ Warren F. Kruger    

Warren F. Kruger, Manager   

Signature
Page   

   Promissory
Note - Term Loan F   

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1    

Subsidiaries
of Greystone Logistics, Inc.   

As
of May 31, 2018, Greystone Logistics, Inc. had two wholly-owned subsidiaries: Plastic Pallet Production, Inc., a Texas corporation,
and Greystone Manufacturing, L.L.C., an Oklahoma limited liability company.  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1   

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT   

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-92296) on Form S-8 of Greystone Logistics, Inc.
of our report dated August 27, 2018, relating to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Greystone Logistics, Inc.,
which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2018.  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1    

CERTIFICATION  

I,
    Warren F. Kruger, certify that:   

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greystone Logistics, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

August
    29, 2018  
       /s/
    Warren F. Kruger    

Warren
    F. Kruger   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2    

CERTIFICATION  

I,
    William W. Rahhal, certify that:   

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greystone Logistics, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

August
    29, 2018  
       /s/
    William W. Rahhal    

William
    W. Rahhal   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1    

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In
connection with the annual report of Greystone Logistics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending
May 31, 2018, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Warren F.
Kruger, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

August
    29, 2018  
       /s/
    Warren F. Kruger    

Warren
    F. Kruger   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

The
foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not
be considered filed as part of the Report.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
annual report of Greystone Logistics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending May 31, 2018, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, William W. Rahhal, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

August 29, 2018  
       /s/ William W. Rahhal     

William W. Rahhal   

Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not be considered filed as part
of the Report. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 glgi-20180531.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 glgi-20180531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 glgi-20180531_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 glgi-20180531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 glgi-20180531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 glgi-20180531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

