
a  
   
 UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 Form 10-Q  
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended July 27, 2018  
 or 

For the transition period from                      to                       
 Commission File Number 000-27130  
 NetApp, Inc.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

77-0307520  

(State or other jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  

Identification No.)  

1395 Crossman Avenue,  
 Sunnyvale, California 94089  
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  
 (408) 822-6000  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   smaller reporting company,  and  emerging growth company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Emerging growth company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.       
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes           No         
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  
 As of August 15, 2018, there were 259,268,252 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

TRADEMARKS  
     2018 NetApp, Inc. All Rights Reserved. No portions of this document may be reproduced without prior written consent of NetApp, Inc. NetApp, the NetApp logo, and the marks listed at  http://www.netapp.com/TM  are trademarks of NetApp, Inc. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. 

2  
 
        P  ART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
 NETAPP, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In millions, except par value)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3  
 
  NETAPP, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (In millions, except per share amounts)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4  
 
  NETAPP, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions)  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5  
 
  NETAPP, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6  
 
  NETAPP, INC.   
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Unaudited)  

1. Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies  
 NetApp, Inc. (we, us, or the Company) provides global organizations the ability to manage and share their data across on-premises, private and public clouds. Together with our partners, we provide a full range of enterprise-class software, systems and services solutions that customers use to modernize their infrastructures, build next generation data centers and harness the power of hybrid clouds. 
 Basis of Presentation and Preparation  
 Our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week year ending on the last Friday in April. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal months with calendar months. Fiscal years 2019 and 2018, ending on April 26, 2019, and April 27, 2018, respectively, are each 52-week years, with 13 weeks in each of their quarters.  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company, and reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all information and footnotes required by GAAP for annual consolidated financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended April 27, 2018 contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations for the three months ended July 27, 2018 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for the full fiscal year or future operating periods.  
 The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Such estimates include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, reserves and allowances; inventory valuation and purchase order accruals; valuation of goodwill and intangibles; restructuring reserves; product warranties; employee compensation and benefit accruals; stock-based compensation; loss contingencies; valuation of investment securities; income taxes and fair value measurements. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
    Accounting Changes 
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a new standard,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (ASC 606) , which establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition model designed to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In the three months ended July 27, 2018, we adopted this new standard using the full retrospective method of adoption. Accordingly, our prior period condensed consolidated financial statements and information, as presented herein, have been restated to conform to the new rules. Refer to Note 6   Revenue for a summary of the impacts of adopting this standard, and a discussion of our updated policies related to revenue recognition. 
   In October 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update (ASU) which eliminates the deferred tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers other than inventory. As a result, tax expense from the sale of an asset in the seller s tax jurisdiction is recognized when the transfer occurs, even though the pre-tax effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation. In the three months ended July 27, 2018, we adopted this ASU using a modified retrospective transition approach and recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings by $51 million, with a corresponding reduction of prepaid taxes, which were classified as other non-current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets, as of the beginning of the period.  
 In November 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that requires a statement of cash flows to explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. In the three months ended July 27, 2018, we adopted this ASU using a retrospective transition method. Accordingly, our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the three months ended July 28, 2017, as presented herein, has been restated to comply with the new requirements. Refer to Note 5   Supplemental Financial Information for a detail of the components of our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances. 
 There have been no other significant changes in our significant accounting policies as of and for the three months ended July 27, 2018, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 27, 2018. 
   
 7  
 
  2. Recent Accounting Standards Not Yet Effective  
 Leases 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update on financial reporting for leasing arrangements, including requiring lessees to recognize an operating lease with a term greater than one year on their balance sheets as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, measured at the present value of the lease payments. This new standard will be effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2020, although early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, the new standard, as amended, allows lessees to apply the transition requirements either (1) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements with the cumulative effect of applying the new rules recognized at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, or (2) retrospectively at the beginning of the period of adoption with the cumulative effect of applying the new rules recognized then. We are currently in the assessment phase to determine the adoption methodology and are evaluating the impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. We expect that most of our operating lease commitments will be subject to the new standard and recognized as lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption, which will increase the total assets and total liabilities we report.  
 Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update on the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. The standard introduces a new model for measuring and recognizing credit losses on financial instruments, requiring financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected.   It also requires that credit losses be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. This new standard will be effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2021, although early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, companies must apply a modified retrospective transition approach through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings, though a prospective transition approach is required for debt securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment had been recognized before the effective date. Based on the composition of our investment portfolio, current market conditions, and historical credit loss activity, the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

3. Statements of Cash Flows Additional Information 
 Non-cash investing and supplemental cash flow information are as follows (in millions):  

4. Purchased Intangible Assets, Net  
 Purchased intangible assets, net are summarized below (in millions):  

8  
 
  Amortizati  on expense for purchased intangible assets is summarized below (in millions):   

As of July 27, 2018, future amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets is as follows (in millions):  

5. Supplemental Financial Information  
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (in millions):  
   
 The following table presents cash and cash equivalents as reported in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, as well as the sum of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as reported on our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows in accordance with our adoption of the ASU discussed in Note 1   Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies: 

Inventories (in millions):  

Property and equipment, net (in millions):  

9  
 
  In September 2017, we entered into an agreement to sell certain   land and buildings located in Sunnyvale, California, through two separate and independent closings, the first of which was completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. The remaining properties, consisting of land with a net book value of $52 million, wer  e classified as assets held for sale, and included as other current assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018. We will consummate the sale of these properties, and receive cash proceeds of $96 million, upon   the completion of the second closing, which is expected to occur within the next 12 months. That closing is subject to due diligence, certain termination rights and customary closing conditions, including local governmental approval of the subdivision of a   land parcel.   
    
 Other non-current assets (in millions):  

Accrued expenses (in millions): 

Product warranty liabilities: 
 Equipment and software systems sales include a standard product warranty. The following tables summarize the activity related to product warranty liabilities and their balances as reported in our condensed consolidated balance sheets (in millions): 

Warranty expense accrued during the period includes amounts accrued for systems at the time of shipment, adjustments for changes in estimated costs for warranties on systems shipped in the period and changes in estimated costs for warranties on systems shipped in prior periods. 
   
    Other long-term liabilities (in millions): 

10  

6. Revenue 
   
      Effective our first quarter of fiscal 2019, we adopted ASC 606 using the full retrospective method and have restated each prior reporting period presented to conform to the new rules. The most significant impact of the new standard relates to our accounting for arrangements containing software. For our enterprise software license agreements (ELAs), we now recognize the license fee component of such arrangements up front. Under the prior rules, the software license fee was recognized over the term of the enterprise license based on our inability to establish vendor specific objective evidence of fair value for the undelivered software support element of these arrangements. In addition, for other software arrangements, revenue deferred for the undelivered elements that was previously allocated based on the residual method is now allocated based on relative fair value, which generally results in more software arrangement revenue being recognized earlier. The new standard also impacts our estimation of variable consideration for certain arrangements with contract terms such as rights of return, potential penalties and acceptance clauses. 
   
       The following table presents the impacts of adoption of ASC 606 to select line items of our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of the end of fiscal 2018: 

(1)   
 
 Netting of accounts receivable and deferred revenue balances for certain customer arrangements has been updated to reflect the impact of adoption    

(2)   
 
 Reflects capitalization of commissions and reduction of long-term deferred tax assets    

(3)   
 
 Reflects cumulative change in revenue and the impact of adoption to the netting of accounts receivable and deferred revenue balances for certain customer arrangements    

(4)   
 
 Reflects increase in long-term deferred tax liabilities    

(5)   
 
 Reflects cumulative impact to net income (loss)    

 11  
 
          The following table presents the impacts of adoption of ASC 606 to our   s  tatement of   o  perations   for the first quarter of fiscal 2018  :  

The adoption of ASC 606 had no impact to cash provided by or used in operating, investing or financing activities as presented on our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows.  
   
       The core principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This principle is achieved through applying the following five-step approach. 

Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer     A contract with a customer exists when (i) we enter into an enforceable contract with a customer that (ii) defines each party s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred and (iii) identifies the payment terms related to these goods or services.  Additionally, (iv) the contract has commercial substance and, (v) we determine that collection of substantially all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable based on the customer s intent and ability to pay the promised consideration.  We apply judgment in determining the      

 12  

customer s ability and intention to pay, which is based on a variety of factors including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, published credit and financial info  rmation pertaining to the customer. We also combine two or more contracts entered into at or near the same time with the same customer as a single contract if the contracts are negotiated as one package with a single commercial objective, the amount of con  sideration to be paid on one contract depends on the price or performance of the other contract or if the goods and services promised in each of the contracts are a single performance obligation.     

Identification of the performance obligations in the contract     Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services (or a bundle of goods and services) that will be transferred to the customer that are distinct. A good or service is distinct if it is capable of being distinct, where the customer can benefit from the goods or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and is distinct in the context of the contract, meaning the transfer of the goods or services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised goods or services, we apply judgment to determine whether promised goods or services are capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, we combine the goods and services until we have a distinct performance obligation.      

Determination of the transaction price       The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer. Consideration promised may include fixed amounts, variable amounts or both. We use judgment in determining variable consideration, particularly if consideration is contingent on the occurrence or nonoccurrence of a future event. We use the expected value, primarily relying on our history, to estimate variable consideration. We may also use, in certain situations, the most likely amount as the basis of our estimate. In either case, we consider variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. Reassessments of our variable consideration may occur as historical information changes. Transaction prices should also be adjusted for the effects of time value of money if the timing of payments provides either the customer or ourselves a significant benefit of financing.     

Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract       If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price basis. We determine standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the standalone selling price is not observable through past transactions, we estimate the standalone selling price taking into account available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. Variable consideration is also allocated to the performance obligations. If the terms of variable consideration relate to one performance obligation, it is entirely allocated to that obligation. Otherwise, it is allocated to all the performance obligations in the contract.     

Recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation       We satisfy performance obligations either over time or at a point in time. We typically recognize revenue at a point in time for promises to transfer goods to a customer.  Services are typically transferred over time based on an appropriate method for measuring our progress toward completion of that performance obligation. Our stand-ready services, including both hardware and software maintenance support, are transferred ratably over the period of the contract. For other services such as our fixed professional services contract, we use an input method to determine the percentage of completion.  That is, we estimate the effort to date versus the expected effort required over the life of the contract.       

Disaggregation of revenue 
   
       To provide visibility into our transition from older products to our newer, higher growth products and clarity into the dynamics of our product revenue, we group our products by  Strategic  and  Mature  solutions. Strategic solutions include Clustered ONTAP, branded E-Series, SolidFire, converged and hyper-converged infrastructure,  ELAs  and other optional add-on software products. Mature solutions include 7-mode ONTAP, add-on hardware and related operating system (OS) software and original equipment manufacturers (OEM) products. Both our Mature and Strategic product lines include a mix of disk, hybrid and all flash storage media. Additionally, we provide a variety of services including software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services including professional services, global support solutions, and customer education and training.  
   
 13  
 
  The following table depicts the disaggregation of revenue by our products and services (in millions  ):  

Revenues by geographic region are presented in Note 15   Segment, Geographic, and Significant Customer Information. 
   
 Deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue 
   
        The following table summarizes the components of our deferred revenue and financed unearned services balance as reported in our condensed consolidated balance sheets (in millions):  

Deferred product revenue represents unrecognized revenue related to undelivered product commitments and other product deliveries that have not met all revenue recognition criteria. Deferred services revenue represents customer payments made in advance for services, which include software and hardware maintenance contracts and other services. Financed unearned services revenue represents undelivered services for which cash has been received under certain third-party financing arrangements. See Note 16   Commitments and Contingencies for additional information related to these arrangements.  
 The following tables summarize the activity related to deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue (in millions): 

During the three months ended July 27, 2018 and July 28, 2017, we recognized $561 million and $528 million, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue balance at the beginning of the respective periods.  
   
       As of July 27, 2018, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations related to customer contracts that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied was $3,260 million, which is equivalent to our deferred revenue and unearned services revenue balance. Because customer orders are typically placed on an as-needed basis, and cancellable without penalty prior to shipment, orders in backlog may not be a meaningful indicator of future revenue and have not been included in this  
 14  
 
  amount. We expect to recognize as revenue approximately 50% of our deferred   revenue and financed unearned services revenue balance in the next 12 months,   approximately 26  % in the next 13 to 24 months, and the remainder thereafter.  
   
 Deferred commissions 
  As a result of our adoption of ASC 606 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we capitalize sales commissions that are incremental direct costs of obtaining customer contracts for which revenue is not immediately recognized and classify them as current or non-current based on the terms of the related contracts. Capitalized commissions are amortized based on the transfer of goods or services to which they relate, typically over one to three years, and are also periodically reviewed for impairment. Amortization expense is recorded to sales and marketing expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. The following tables summarize the activity related to deferred commissions and their balances as reported in our condensed consolidated balance sheets (in millions): 

7. Other income, net 
 Other income, net consists of the following (in millions): 

8. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements  
 The accounting guidance for fair value measurements provides a framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis, whereby the inputs used in valuation techniques are assigned a hierarchical level. The following are the three levels of inputs to measure fair value:  
 Level 1:  Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   
 Level 2:  Inputs that reflect quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in less active markets; quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets or liabilities; or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.   
 Level 3:  Unobservable inputs that reflect our own assumptions incorporated in valuation techniques used to measure fair value. These assumptions are required to be consistent with market participant assumptions that are reasonably available.   
 We consider an active market to be one in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis, and consider an inactive market to be one in which there are infrequent or few transactions for the asset or liability, the prices are not current, or price quotations vary substantially either over time or among market makers. Where appropriate, our own or the counterparty s non-performance risk is considered in measuring the fair values of liabilities and assets, respectively.  
 15  
 
  Investments   
 The following is a summary of our investments (in millions):  

As of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018, the unrealized losses on our available-for-sale investments were caused by market value declines as a result of increasing market interest rates. Because the declines in market value are attributable to changes in market conditions and not credit quality, and because we have determined that (i) we do not have the intent to sell any of these investments and (ii) it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell any of these investments before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis, we have determined that no other-than-temporary impairments were required to be recognized on these investments as of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018.     
 The following table presents the contractual maturities of our debt investments as of July 27, 2018 (in millions):  

Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay certain obligations.  
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 The following table summarizes our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in millions):  

(1)    
 
 Reported as other current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets    

(2)    
 
 Reported as other non-current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets       

Our Level 2 debt instruments are held by a custodian who prices some of the investments using standard inputs in various asset price models or obtains investment prices from third-party pricing providers that incorporate standard inputs in various asset price models. These pricing providers utilize the most recent observable market information in pricing these securities or, if specific prices are not available for these securities, use other observable inputs like market transactions involving identical or comparable securities. We review Level 2 inputs and fair value for reasonableness and the values may be further validated by comparison to multiple independent pricing sources. In addition, we review third-party pricing provider models, key inputs and assumptions and understand  
 16  
 
  the pricing processes at our third-party providers in determining the overall reasonableness of the fair value of our Level 2   debt   instruments. As of   July 27  , 2018   and April   27  , 201  8  , we have not made any adjustments to the prices o  btained from our third-party pricing providers.   
 Fair Value of Debt  
 As of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018, the fair value of our long-term debt was approximately $1,518 million and $1,523 million, respectively. The fair value of our long-term debt was based on observable market prices in a less active market. The fair value of our commercial paper notes approximated their carrying value. All of our debt obligations are categorized as Level 2 instruments.    
   
 9. Financing Arrangements  
 Long-Term Debt  
 The following table summarizes information relating to our long-term debt, which we collectively refer to as our Senior Notes (in millions, except interest rates):  

Senior Notes  
  Our 2.00% Senior Notes and 3.30% Senior Notes, each with a principal amount of $400 million, were issued in September 2017. Interest on these Senior Notes is paid semi-annually in March and September. Our 3.375% Senior Notes and 3.25% Senior Notes, with principal amounts of $500 million and $250 million, respectively, were issued in June 2014 and December 2012, respectively. Interest on these Senior Notes is paid semi-annually in June and December. Our Senior Notes, which are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations, rank equally in right of payment with any existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. 
   We may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part, at any time at our option at specified redemption prices. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, we may be required to repurchase the Senior Notes under specified terms. The Senior Notes also include covenants that limit our ability to incur debt secured by liens on assets or on shares of stock or indebtedness of our subsidiaries; to engage in certain sale and lease-back transactions; and to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. As of July 27, 2018, we were   in compliance with all covenants associated with the Senior Notes. 
 As of July 27, 2018, our aggregate future principal debt maturities are as follows (in millions):  

17  
 
  Commercial Paper Program and Credit Facility  
   We have   a commercial paper program (the Program), under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes.  Amounts available under the Program, as amended in July 2017, may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the notes outstanding under the Program at any time not to exceed $1.0 billion.  The maturities of the notes can vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. The notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at a discount from par or, alternatively, may be sold at par and bear interest at rates dictated by market conditions at the time of their issuance.  The proceeds from the issuance of the notes are used for general corporate purposes. As of July 27, 2018, we had commercial paper notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $200 million, a weighted-average interest rate of 2.28% and maturities ranging from 14 days to 31 days.  As of April 27, 2018, we had commercial paper notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $385 million, a weighted-average interest rate of 2.29% and maturities ranging from 19 days to 32 days. 
  In connection with the Program, we have a senior unsecured credit agreement with a syndicated group of lenders that expires on December 10, 2021. The credit agreement, as amended in July 2017, provides a $1.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility, with a $50 million letter of credit sub-facility, that serves as a back-up for the Program. Proceeds from the facility may also be used for general corporate purposes   to the extent that the credit facility exceeds the outstanding debt issued under the Program  . The credit agreement includes options that allow us to request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $300 million and to extend its maturity date for two additional one-year periods, both subject to certain conditions. As of July 27, 2018 we were in compliance with all associated covenants in this agreement. No amounts were drawn against this facility during any of the periods presented.  
      
 10. Stockholders  Equity  
 Equity Incentive Awards 
 As of July 27, 2018, we have certain equity incentive awards (awards) outstanding, which include stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), including time-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs (PBRSUs), and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) awards. 
 Stock Options  
 The following table summarizes information related to our stock options (in millions, except exercise price and contractual term):  

The aggregate intrinsic value represents the pre-tax difference between the exercise price of stock options and the quoted market price of our stock on that day for all in-the-money options.  
 Additional information related to our stock options is summarized below (in millions):  

Restricted Stock Units  
 In the three months ended July 27, 2018,   we granted PBRSUs to certain of our executives. Each PBRSU has performance-based vesting criteria, in addition to the service based vesting criteria, such that the PBRSUs cliff-vest at the end of an approximate three year performance period, which began on the date specified in the grant agreements and ends the last day of fiscal 2021. The number of shares of common stock that will be issued to settle the PBRSUs at the end of the applicable performance and service period will range from 0% to 200% of a target number of shares originally granted. For half of the PBRSUs granted in the current quarter, the number of shares issued will depend upon our Total Stockholder Return (TSR) as compared to the TSR of a specified group of benchmark peer companies (each expressed as a growth rate percentage) calculated as of the end of fiscal 2021. The fair values of these awards were fixed at grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. For the remaining PBRSUs granted, the number of  
 18  
 
  shares issued will depend upon our a  chievement against a cumulative Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) target, as defined in the grant agreements, for the three year period from fiscal 2019 through 2021.   The fair values of these awards were established consistent with our methodology for valuin  g time-based RSUs, while compensation cost is being recognized based on the probable outcome of the performance condition. The aggregate compensation cost associated with all PBRSUs granted in the current quarter was $22 million, which is being recognized   over the remaining applicable performance / service periods.  
 The following table summarizes information related to our RSUs, including PBRSUs, (in millions, except fair value):  

We primarily use the net share settlement approach upon vesting, where a portion of the shares are withheld as settlement of employee withholding taxes, which decreases the shares issued to the employee by a corresponding value. The number and value of the shares netted for employee taxes are summarized in the table below (in millions):  

Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
 The following table summarizes activity related to the purchase rights issued under the ESPP (in millions):  

Stock-Based Compensation Expense  
 Stock-based compensation expense is included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as follows (in millions):  

As of July 27, 2018, total unrecognized compensation expense related to our equity awards was $362 million, which is expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining service period of 2.5 years.  
 Stock Repurchase Program  
 Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $13.6 billion of our common stock. Under this program, which we may suspend or discontinue at any time, we may purchase shares of our outstanding common stock through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase programs, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or in such other manner as deemed appropriate by our management.  
 19  

The following table summarizes activity related to this program for the three months ended July 27, 2018 (in millions, except per share amounts):  

The aggregate purchase price of our stock repurchases for the three months ended July 27, 2018 consisted of $500 million of open market purchases, of which $277 million and $223 million were allocated to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings (accumulated deficit), respectively. 
 Since the May 13, 2003 inception of our stock repurchase program through July 27, 2018, we repurchased a total of 291 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $34.79 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $10.1 billion. 
 Dividends 
 The following is a summary of our activities related to dividends on our common stock (in millions, except per share amounts):  

On August 15, 2018, we declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock, payable on October 24, 2018 to holders of record as of the close of business on October 5, 2018. The timing and amount of future dividends will depend on market conditions, corporate business and financial considerations and regulatory requirements. All dividends declared have been determined by us to be legally authorized under the laws of the state in which we are incorporated. 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 
 A reconciliation of retained earnings (accumulated deficit) is as follows (in millions):  

In the three months ended July 27, 2018, we adopted an ASU that eliminates the deferred tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers other than inventory and recorded the cumulative-effect of adoption to retained earnings (accumulated deficit). Refer to Note 1   Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies for details. 

11. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 We use derivative instruments to manage exposures to foreign currency risk. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. Our derivatives expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of our agreements with them. We seek to mitigate such risk by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions. In addition, the potential risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. We also have in place master netting arrangements to mitigate the credit risk of our counterparties and to potentially reduce our losses due to counterparty nonperformance. We present our derivative instruments as net amounts in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The gross and net fair value amounts of such instruments were not material as of July 27, 2018 or April 27, 2018. We did not recognize any gains or losses in earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness for any period presented. All contracts have a maturity of less than six months.  
 20  
 
  The notional amount of our outstanding U.S. dollar equivalent foreign currency exchange forward contracts consisted of the following (in millions):   

As of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018, there were no instruments designated as cash flow hedges outstanding. 
 The effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments recognized in other income, net on our condensed consolidated statements of operations was as follows (in millions):  

12. Restructuring Charges  
 During the three months ended July 27, 2018, we announced a restructuring plan (the May 2018 Plan) to reduce costs and redirect resources to our highest return activities, which included a reduction in our global workforce of less than 2%. Charges related to the plan consisted primarily of employee severance-related costs. We expect to complete the May 2018 Plan by the second quarter of fiscal 2019 with no significant additional charges incurred. 
 Management previously approved the November 2016 Plan, under which we reduced our global workforce by approximately 6%. We completed all workforce related activities under this plan as of the end of fiscal 2017. The remaining balance as of July 27, 2018 principally relates to lease obligations that will be paid over their remaining terms. 
 Activities related to our restructuring plans are summarized as follows (in millions): 

13. Income Taxes  
 Our effective tax rates for the periods presented were as follows:  

Our effective tax rates reflect the impact of a significant amount of our earnings, primarily income from our European operations which are headquartered in the Netherlands, being taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates below the United States (U.S.) statutory tax rate. The differences in effective tax rates for the three months ended July 27, 2018 and July 28, 2017 were primarily related to the adoption of the new revenue standard and differences in discrete benefits for stock-based compensation.   
   
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended July 28, 2017 has been restated to reflect the retrospective application of the new revenue standard. During the three months ended July 27, 2018, we recognized a $34 million discrete tax benefit for adjustments to certain intercompany transactions resulting from the retrospective application of the new standard. See Note 6   Revenue for additional details. 
   
 On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ( TCJA ) was enacted into law. The TCJA made significant changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system including a reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, the imposition of a  
 21  
 
  one-time transition tax on deferred foreign earnings, and   the creation of new taxes on certain fore  ign-sourced earnings  . As of July 27, 2018, we have not fully completed the accounting for the tax impacts of the TCJA. No significant adjustments to prior period estimates or positions have been made in the current period. The provisional amounts recorded   are based on reasonable estimates and our current interpretation and understanding of the TCJA. The final impacts of U.S. tax reform may differ, possibly materially, due to factors such as the issuance of further regulatory guidance, changes in interpretat  ions, and the collection and analysis of additional information. The Company is also still evaluating the effects of the TCJA s global minimum tax on intangible low-taxed income ( GMT ) and has not yet made an accounting policy election to either account f  or the tax under a period cost method or a deferred method. For the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we have accounted for the GMT under a period cost method as we continue to evaluate potential impacts. In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin 118, we wi  ll complete the accounting of the tax effects of the TCJA within the measurement period not to extend beyond one year from the enactment date.  
      As of July 27, 2018, we had $351 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits. Inclusive of penalties, interest and certain income tax benefits, $301 million would affect our provision for income taxes if recognized, and $319 million has been recorded in other long-term liabilities. 
 We are currently undergoing federal income tax audits in the U.S. and several foreign tax jurisdictions. Transfer pricing calculations are key issues under audits in various jurisdictions, and are often subject to dispute and appeals. The IRS has concluded the examination of our tax returns for our fiscal years through 2010. The IRS commenced the examination of our federal income tax returns for our fiscal years 2012 and 2013 in August 2016. 
 In September 2010, the Danish Tax Authorities issued a decision concluding that distributions declared in 2005 and 2006 by our Danish subsidiary were subject to Danish at-source dividend withholding tax. We do not believe that our Danish subsidiary is liable for such withholding tax and filed an appeal with the Danish Tax Tribunal. In December 2011, the Danish Tax Tribunal issued a ruling in favor of NetApp. The Danish tax examination agency appealed this decision at the Danish High Court (DHC) in March 2012. In February 2016, the DHC requested a preliminary ruling from the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). Parties were heard before the court in October 2017. During March 2018, the Advocate General issued an opinion which was largely in favor of NetApp, however, the CJEU is not bound by the opinion of the Advocate General. It is expected that the preliminary ruling will be issued during our fiscal year 2019. Once a ruling has been issued by the CJEU, it will be reviewed and may be subjected to additional briefing by the DHC. Once complete, the DHC will issue its final decision.  We expect this decision to be complete during our fiscal year 2019 or 2020. 
 We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. We believe that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude, certain statutes of limitations will lapse, or both. As a result of uncertainties regarding tax audits and their possible outcomes, an estimate of the range of possible impacts to unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months cannot be made at this time. 

14. Net Income per Share  
 The following is a calculation of basic and diluted net income per share (in millions, except per share amounts):  

No potential shares from outstanding employee equity awards were excluded from the diluted net income per share calculation for the three months ended July 27, 2018. For the three months ended July 28, 2017, 2 million potential shares from outstanding awards were excluded from the calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.  
   
 22  
 
  1  5  . Segment, Geographic, and Significant Customer Information   
 We operate in one industry segment: the design, manufacturing, marketing, and technical support of high-performance storage and data management solutions. We conduct business globally, and our sales and support activities are managed on a geographic basis. Our management reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied by disaggregated information it receives from our internal management system about revenues by geographic region, based on the location from which the customer relationship is managed, for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. We do not allocate costs of revenues, research and development, sales and marketing, or general and administrative expenses to our geographic regions in this internal management reporting because management does not review operations or operating results, or make planning decisions, below the consolidated entity level.  
 Summarized revenues by geographic region based on information from our internal management system and utilized by our Chief Executive Officer, who is considered our Chief Operating Decision Maker, is as follows (in millions):  

Americas revenues consist of sales to Americas commercial and U.S. public sector markets. Sales to customers inside the U.S. were $761 million and $639 million during the three months ended July 27, 2018 and July 28, 2017, respectively. 
 The majority of our assets, excluding cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and accounts receivable, were attributable to our domestic operations. The following table presents cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the U.S. and internationally in various foreign subsidiaries (in millions):  

With the exception of property and equipment, we do not identify or allocate our long-lived assets by geographic area. The following table presents property and equipment information for geographic areas based on the physical location of the assets (in millions):  

The following customers, each of which is a distributor, accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues:  

The following customers accounted for 10% or more of accounts receivable in at least one of the periods presented:  

23  

16. Commitments and Contingencies  
 Operating Leases  
 We lease various equipment, vehicles and office space in the U.S. and internationally. Future annual minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year totaled $184 million as of July 27, 2018. 
 Purchase Orders and Other Commitments  
 In the ordinary course of business, we make commitments to third-party contract manufacturers to manage manufacturer lead times and meet product forecasts, and to other parties to purchase various key components used in the manufacturing of our products. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements consists of firm, non-cancelable, and unconditional commitments. As of July 27, 2018, we had $382 million in non-cancelable purchase commitments for inventory. We record a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. As of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018, such liability amounted to $22 million and $14 million, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. To the extent that such forecasts are not achieved, our commitments and associated accruals may change. 
 In addition to inventory commitments with contract manufacturers and component suppliers, we have open purchase orders and contractual obligations associated with our ordinary course of business for which we have not yet received goods or services. As of July 27, 2018, we had $5 million in construction related obligations and $195 million in other purchase obligations. 
 Financing Guarantees  
 While most of our arrangements for sales include short-term payment terms, from time to time we provide long-term financing to creditworthy customers. We have generally sold receivables financed through these arrangements on a non-recourse basis to third party financing institutions within 10 days of the contracts  dates of execution, and we classify the proceeds from these sales as cash flows from operating activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. We account for the sales of these receivables as  true sales  as defined in the accounting standards on transfers of financial assets, as we are considered to have surrendered control of these financing receivables. Provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met, we recognize product revenues for these arrangements, net of any payment discounts from financing transactions, upon product acceptance. We sold $30 million and $31 million of receivables during the three months ended July 27, 2018 and July 28, 2017, respectively.  
 In addition, we enter into arrangements with leasing companies for the sale of our hardware systems products. These leasing companies, in turn, lease our products to end-users. The leasing companies generally have no recourse to us in the event of default by the end-user and we recognize revenue upon delivery to the end-user customer, if all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.    
 Some of the leasing arrangements described above have been financed on a recourse basis through third-party financing institutions. Under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. These arrangements are generally collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Where we provide a guarantee for recourse leases, we recognize revenues in accordance with our revenue recognition policy, as updated to reflect the adoption of ASC 606. In connection with certain recourse financing arrangements, we receive advance payments associated with undelivered elements that are subject to customer refund rights. We defer revenue associated with these advance payments until the related refund rights expire and we perform the services. As of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018, the aggregate amount by which such contingencies exceeded the associated liabilities was not significant. To date, we have not experienced significant losses under our lease financing programs or other financing arrangements .  
 We have entered into service contracts with certain of our end-user customers that are supported by third-party financing arrangements. If a service contract is terminated as a result of our non-performance under the contract or our failure to comply with the terms of the financing arrangement, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to acquire certain assets related to the service contract or to pay the aggregate unpaid financing payments under such arrangements. As of July 27, 2018, we have not been required to make any payments under these arrangements, and we believe the likelihood of having to acquire a material amount of assets or make payments under these arrangements is remote. The portion of the financial arrangement that represents unearned services revenue is included in deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue in our condensed consolidated balance sheets .  
 Legal Contingencies  
 When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. 
 24  
 
  We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the normal course of business. We may, from time to time, receive claims that we are infringing third parties  intellectual property rights, including claims for alleged patent infringeme  nt brought by non-practicing entities. We are currently involved in patent litigations brought by non-practicing entities and other third parties. We believe we have strong arguments that our products do not infringe and/or the asserted patents are invalid  , and we intend to vigorously defend against the plaintiffs  claims. However, there is no guarantee that we will prevail at trial and if a jury were to find that our products infringe, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages, and may cause   product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements.  
  Although management at present believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not materially harm our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or overall trends, legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings or other events could occur. Unfavorable resolutions could include significant monetary damages. In addition, in matters for which injunctive relief or other conduct remedies are sought, unfavorable resolutions could include an injunction or other order prohibiting us from selling one or more products at all or in particular ways or requiring other remedies. An unfavorable outcome may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, and overall trends. No material accrual has been recorded as of July 27, 2018 related to such matters. 

25  
 
      I  tem 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
   
   This section and other parts of this Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements also can be identified by words such as  future,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   will,   would,   could,   can,   may,  and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of NetApp, Inc. ( we,   us,  or the  Company ) may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part   II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q under the heading  Risk Factors,  which are incorporated herein by reference. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended April 27, 2018, and the notes thereto, contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 

26  
 
  Overview   
 Our Company 
 We are the data authority for the hybrid cloud. Digital transformation remains top of mind for executives. In order to successfully digitally transform, data must become the lifeblood of an organization and be used as a business accelerator. Data-driven digital transformations accelerate business outcomes. Together with our partners, we empower global organizations to unleash the full potential of their data to enable new customer touchpoints, create innovative business opportunities and optimize operations. 
 NetApp delivers a Data Fabric built for the data-driven world. Our Data Fabric simplifies and integrates data management across clouds and on-premises to accelerate digital transformation, enabling our customers to manage, secure and protect their data at the scale needed to accommodate the exponential data growth of the digital world. It delivers integrated data management services and applications for data visibility and insights, data access and control, and data protection and security. 
 We focus on delivering an exceptional customer experience to become our customers  preferred data partner. NetApp s unique approach to managing data holistically enables organizations to inspire innovation with the cloud, build clouds to accelerate new services, and modernize IT architecture with cloud-connected flash.  
 With NetApp products and solutions, customers can: 

Continually fuel business growth by delivering data-rich customer experiences through new application deployments that easily use data and services regardless of where they reside or in what form.      

Accelerate digital transformation by developing a next-generation, cloud-architected infrastructure that manages data and services as one integrated resource supporting both public and private clouds.     

Free the resources necessary to fund transformation by deploying the industry s leading flash storage solution, which is highly efficient and scales from the edge to the core to the cloud.     

 Customers are attracted by the speed and scale benefits of the public cloud but need new data management capabilities to keep control of data as it moves beyond the walls of the enterprise. NetApp believes the hybrid cloud is fast becoming the dominant model for enterprise IT. Whether an organization is targeting an all-cloud, hybrid cloud, or multi-cloud strategy, NetApp Cloud Data Services accelerate the time it takes to deploy or develop an application by making the data requirements seamless to the application layer. 
 Budget constraints and skill imbalances lead our customers to seek help in integrating, deploying and managing the solutions they need to stay competitive. This drives demand for converged and hyper-converged infrastructure solutions. FlexPod is the converged infrastructure of choice for many of the largest enterprises around the globe. Customers can break free from the limits of first-generation HCI with NetApp HCI and attain guaranteed performance with high levels flexibility, scale, automation, and integration with the Data Fabric. 
   Flash plays a key role in customers  digital transformation efforts as they seek to gain advantage through greater speed, responsiveness and value from key business applications - all while lowering total cost of ownership. All-flash array technology is the de facto choice for primary application workloads as customers seek performance and economic benefits from replacing hard disk installations. With a highly differentiated and broad portfolio of all-flash and hybrid array offerings, NetApp is well positioned to enable customers to accomplish this transition. 
 To provide visibility into our transition from older products to our newer, higher growth products and clarity into the dynamics of our product revenue, we group our products by  Strategic  and  Mature  solutions. Strategic solutions include Clustered ONTAP, branded E-Series, SolidFire, converged and hyper-converged infrastructure, enterprise software license agreements (ELAs) and other optional add-on software products. Mature solutions include 7-mode ONTAP, add-on hardware and related operating system (OS) software and original equipment manufacturers (OEM) products. Both our Mature and Strategic product lines include a mix of disk, hybrid and all flash storage media. 
   Additionally, we provide a variety of services including software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services including professional services, global support solutions, and customer education and training to help customers most effective  ly manage their data. Revenues generated by our Cloud Data Services offerings are included in software maintenance revenues. 

27  
 
  Financial Results and Key Performance Metrics Overview   
 The following table provides an overview of some of our key financial metrics (in millions, except per share amounts, percentages and cash conversion cycle):  

Stock Repurchase Program and Dividend Activity 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we repurchased 7 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $74.37 per share, for an aggregate of $500 million. We also declared cash dividends of $0.40 per share in that period, for which we paid an aggregate of $105 million. 
 Adoption of Revenue Accounting Standard 
 As of the beginning of fiscal 2019, we adopted the new accounting standard  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (ASC 606)  using the full retrospective method of adoption .  Accordingly, our prior period condensed consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, as presented herein, have been restated to conform to the new rules.   As illustrated in Note 6   Revenue of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the overall impact of adoption was not significant to prior periods. However, application of the new rules to our ELAs resulted in approximately $90 million of product revenues for such arrangements in the first three months of fiscal 2019 that are incremental to the amount we would have recognized under the old standard. Under ASC 606, we recognize the software license fee component of our ELAs up-front, whereas under the prior rules the software license fee was recognized over the term of the ELA. 
 Restructuring Event 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we announced a restructuring and reduction in workforce to reduce costs and redirect resources to our highest return activities. In connection with this action, we reduced our worldwide headcount by less than 2%, and incurred aggregate charges of approximately $19 million, consisting primarily of employee severance costs. 
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. We believe that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material.  
 The summary of our significant accounting policies is included under Item 7   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our fiscal 2018 Form 10-K. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates as filed in such report, except with respect to revenue recognition as a result of the adoption of ASC 606 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Refer to Note 6   Revenue of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details.  
 28  

New Accounting Standards   
 See Note 2   Recent Accounting Standards Not Yet Effective of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of new accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and effects on our financial statements.  
  Results of Operations   
 Our fiscal year is reported as a 52- or 53-week year that ends on the last Friday in April. Fiscal years 2019 and 2018 are each 52-week years, with 13 weeks in each of their quarters. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to the Company s fiscal years ended in April and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years .  
 The following table sets forth certain Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated: 

Percentages may not add due to rounding 
  Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations   
 Overview  
 Net revenues for the first quarter fiscal 2019 were $1,474 million, reflecting an increase of $153 million, or 12%, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year, primarily reflecting higher product revenues. 
   Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 increased by three percentage points, compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2018, reflecting higher margins on product revenues. Gross profit margins on product revenues increased six percentage points in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2018, primarily reflecting high margins on revenue recognized during the current quarter related to the software license components of several ELAs, and, to a lesser extent, higher average selling prices (ASPs). 
 Sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 totaled $690 million. This represented 47% of net revenues, a decrease of five percentage points compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher net revenues in the current quarter. 
 29  
 
  Net Revenues (in millions, except percentages):   

The increase in net revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2018 was primarily due to an increase in product revenues of $148 million. Product revenues as a percentage of net revenues increased four percentage points in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2018. 
 The following customers, each of which is a distributor, accounted for 10% or more of net revenues:  

Product Revenues (in millions, except percentages):  

Product revenues are derived through the sale of our strategic and mature solutions, and consist of sales of configured systems, which are bundled hardware and software products, as well as add-on flash, disk and/or hybrid storage and related OS, OEM products, ELAs and add-on hardware and software. 
 Product revenues from strategic solutions represented 70% of product revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to 69% in the corresponding period of the prior year. Product revenues from mature solutions represented 30% of product revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to 31% in the corresponding period of the prior year. 
 Total product revenues from strategic solutions totaled $612 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 reflecting a 23% increase from $498 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. This increase was primarily due to over $90 million of current quarter revenues from the software license component of several ELAs, which, under ASC 606, were recognized up-front. There were no comparable ELAs in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. An increase in ASP, driven by the sales of our All-Flash FAS products, also contributed to the increase in revenues in the current quarter. 
 Total product revenue from mature solutions totaled $263 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, an increase of 15% from $229 million in in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, attributable to a 17% increase in add-on hardware, storage and related OS revenues and a 49% increase in OEM revenues. As of the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we are no longer selling 7-mode systems, reflecting the movement of customers to our newer products. 
 Software Maintenance Revenues (in millions, except percentages):  

Software maintenance revenues are associated with contracts which entitle customers to receive unspecified product upgrades and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, bug fixes and patch releases, as well as internet and telephone access to technical support personnel located in our global support centers. 
 The fluctuations in software maintenance revenues reflect fluctuations in the aggregate contract value of the installed base under software maintenance contracts, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the terms of the underlying contracts.  
 30  
 
  Hardware Maintenance and Other Services   Revenues (in millions, except percentages):   

Hardware maintenance and other services revenues include hardware maintenance, professional services, and educational and training services revenues.  
 Hardware maintenance contract revenues were relatively flat year over year, at $303 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to $298 million for the corresponding period of the prior year.  
 Professional services and educational and training services revenues were $67 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to $73 million for the corresponding period of the prior year.  
 Revenues by Geographic Area:  

Percentages may not add due to rounding 
 Americas revenues consist of sales to Americas commercial and U.S. public sector markets. Our geographic distribution of revenues as a percentage of net revenues was relatively consistent in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2018. 
 Cost of Revenues  
 Our cost of revenues consists of three elements: (1) cost of product revenues, which includes the costs of manufacturing and shipping our storage products, amortization of purchased intangible assets, inventory write-downs, and warranty costs, (2) cost of software maintenance, which includes the costs of providing software maintenance and third-party royalty costs and (3) cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues, which includes costs associated with providing support activities for hardware maintenance, global support partnership programs, professional services and educational and training services. 
 Cost of Product Revenues (in millions, except percentages): 

The changes in cost of product revenues consisted of the following (in percentage points of the total change):  

Three Months Ended  

Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2018  

Percentage Change Points  

Materials costs  

4  

Excess and obsolete inventory  

1  

Other  

1  

Total change  

6  

Cost of product revenues represented 45% of product revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to 52% for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Materials costs represented 87% of product costs for the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to 88% in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. 
 Materials costs increased $16 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to the corresponding period of the prior year, primarily due to higher unit volumes of All-Flash FAS products.  
 Average unit materials costs for Clustered ONTAP systems increased by 15% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. 
 31  
 
  The benefit   of high margins on revenue recognized during the current quarter related to the software license components of several ELAs, and     a  n     in  crease   in ASP for strategic systems  ,     resulting     in   higher   margins for   strategic   solutions     in the   first   quarter of fiscal 201  9   compared to the   first     quarter     of fiscal 201  8  .     M  argins for mature products   were relatively consistent   in the   first   quarter     of fiscal 201  9   compared to the corresponding period of the prior year  .  
 Cost of Software Maintenance Revenues (in millions, except percentages):  

Cost of software maintenance revenues was relatively flat in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2018 and represented 3% of software maintenance revenues for both periods. 
   
 Cost of Hardware Maintenance and Other Services Revenues (in millions, except percentages):  

Cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues decreased by $8 million, or 7%, for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2018, primarily due to the favorable impact of cost savings initiatives. Costs represented 29% of hardware maintenance and other services revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, compared to 31% in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. 
   
 Operating Expenses  
 Sales and Marketing, Research and Development and General and Administrative Expenses    
 Compensation costs represent the largest component of operating expenses. Included in compensation costs are salaries, benefits, other compensation-related costs, stock-based compensation expense and employee incentive compensation plan costs.  
 Total compensation costs included in operating expenses increased by $5 million, or 1% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily reflecting higher salaries as a result of merit increases, partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expense. Average headcount was relatively consistent in both periods. 
 Sales and Marketing (in millions, except percentages):    

Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, commissions, outside services, allocated facilities and information technology (IT) costs, advertising and marketing promotional expense and travel and entertainment expense.  The changes in sales and marketing expenses consisted of the following:  

Three Months Ended  

Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2018  

Percentage Change Points  

Compensation costs  

(1  
 
 )  

Facilities and IT support costs  

(2  
 
 )  

Total change  

(3  
 
 )  

The decrease in compensation costs for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year reflects a 2% decrease in average headcount and lower stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by higher average salaries, reflecting merit increases. Facilities and IT support costs decreased during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to cost containment efforts. Commissions expense was relatively consistent in both quarters. 
 32  
 
  Research and Development (in millions, except percentages):   

Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, allocated facilities and IT costs, depreciation, equipment and software-related costs, prototypes, non-recurring engineering charges and other outside services costs. Changes in research and development expense consisted of the following:  

Three Months Ended  

Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2018  

Percentage Change Points  

Compensation costs  

6  

Development projects and outside services  

3  

Depreciation  

(1  
 
 )  

Total change  

8  

The increase in compensation costs for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year was attributable to an 8% increase in average headcount and higher average salaries, reflecting merit increases, partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expense. Development projects and outside services increased as a result of higher spending on materials and services associated with engineering activities to develop new products and enhance existing products. Depreciation expense decreased primarily due to certain equipment becoming fully depreciated. 
 General and Administrative (in millions, except percentages):  

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, professional and corporate legal fees, outside services and allocated facilities and IT support costs. The increase in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due higher spending levels on projects and outside services, and an increase in spending on IT projects.  Compensation costs were relatively consistent in both quarters.  
 Restructuring Charges (in millions, except percentages):  

NM   Not Meaningful 
 During the three months ended July 27, 2018, we announced a restructuring plan (the May 2018 Plan) to reduce costs and redirect resources to our highest return activities, which included a reduction in our global workforce of less than 2%. Charges related to the plan consisted primarily of employee severance-related costs. We expect to complete the May 2018 Plan by the second quarter of fiscal 2019 with no significant additional charges incurred. See Note 12   Restructuring Charges of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 Other Income, Net (in millions, except percentages) 
 The components of other income, net were as follows:    

33  
 
  I  nterest income     in  creased   in     the   first   quarter     of   fiscal   201  9   compared to the   corresponding period of the prior year  ,     primarily due to     a shift in our investment portfolio to higher-yielding investments  .  
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes (in millions, except percentages):  

Our effective tax rate for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 was -4.0% compared to an effective tax rate of 9.7% for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Our effective tax rates reflect the impact of a significant amount of our earnings, primarily income from our European operations which are headquartered in the Netherlands, being taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates below the U.S. statutory tax rate.   Our effective tax rate decreased for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the recognition of a $34 million discrete tax benefit for adjustments to certain intercompany transactions resulting from the retrospective application of the new revenue standard, and increased discrete benefits for stock-based compensation.  
 On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ( TCJA ) was enacted into law. The TCJA made significant changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system including a reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, the imposition of a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign earnings, and the creation of new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings. As of July 27, 2018, we have not fully completed the accounting for the tax impacts of the TCJA. No significant adjustments to prior period estimates or positions have been made in the current period. The provisional amounts recorded are based on reasonable estimates and our current interpretation and understanding of the TCJA. The final impacts of U.S. tax reform may differ, possibly materially, due to factors such as the issuance of further regulatory guidance, changes in interpretations, and the collection and analysis of additional information. The Company is also still evaluating the effects of the TCJA s global minimum tax on intangible low-taxed income ( GMT ) and has not yet made an accounting policy election to either account for the tax under a period cost method or a deferred method. For the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we have accounted for the GMT under a period cost method as we continue to evaluate potential impacts. In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin 118, we will complete the accounting of the tax effects of the TCJA within the measurement period not to extend beyond one year from the enactment date.  
 As of July 27, 2018, we had $351 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits. Inclusive of penalties, interest and certain income tax benefits, $301 million would affect our provision for income taxes if recognized, and $319 million has been recorded in other long-term liabilities. 
 We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. We believe that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude, certain statutes of limitations will lapse, or both. As a result of uncertainties regarding tax audits and their possible outcomes, an estimate of the range of possible impacts to unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months cannot be made at this time. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Cash Requirements  

The following is a summary of our cash flow activities: 

34  
 
  Cash Flows   
 As of July 27, 2018, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $4.8 billion, a decrease of $0.6 billion from April 27, 2018. The decrease was primarily due to $500 million paid for the repurchase of our common stock, $105 million used for the payment of dividends, $185 million  used for the net repayment of commercial paper notes , and $64 million in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by $326 million of cash provided by operating activities. Working capital decreased by $0.4 billion to $3.0 billion as of July 27, 2018 compared to April 27, 2018 primarily  due to a decrease in accounts receivable, and decreases in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as discussed above, partially offset by decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses.  
 Cash Conversion Cycle 
 The following table presents the components of our cash conversion cycle: 

Days may not add due to rounding 

(1)    
 
 Days sales outstanding, referred to as DSO, calculates the average collection period of our receivables. DSO is based on ending accounts receivable and net revenue for each period. DSO is calculated by dividing accounts receivable by average net revenue per day for the current quarter (91 days for each of the quarters presented above). DSO for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 was relatively consistent with the corresponding period of fiscal 2018, while it decreased compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 due to lower seasonal invoicing levels and more favorable shipping linearity.    

(2)    
 
 Days inventory outstanding, referred to as DIO, measures the average number of days from procurement to sale of our products. DIO is based on ending inventory and cost of revenues for each period. DIO is calculated by dividing ending inventory by average cost of revenues per day for the current quarter. DIO for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 was relatively consistent with the fourth quarter of 2018, while it decreased compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2018, primarily due to lower levels of purchased components on hand at the end of the current quarter.     

(3)    
 
 Days payables outstanding, referred to as DPO, calculates the average number of days our payables remain outstanding before payment. DPO is based on ending accounts payable and cost of revenues for each period. DPO is calculated by dividing accounts payable by average cost of revenues per day for the current quarter. DPO for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 increased compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2018, primarily as a result of improved vendor payables management and an extension of payment terms with our suppliers. DPO for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 decreased compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily due to the timing of purchases from contract manufacturers.    

(4    )    
 
 The cash conversion cycle is the sum of DSO and DIO less DPO. Items which may cause the cash conversion cycle in a particular period to differ include, but are not limited to, changes in business mix, changes in payment terms (including extended payment terms from suppliers), the extent of shipment linearity, seasonal trends and the timing of revenue recognition and inventory purchases within the period.    

 Cash Flows from Operating Activities    
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we generated cash from operating activities of $326 million, reflecting net income of $283 million, adjusted by non-cash depreciation and amortization of $49 million, and stock-based compensation of $40 million, compared to $250 million of cash generated from operating activities during the first quarter of fiscal 2018.  
 Changes in assets and liabilities in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 included the following: 

Accounts receivable   decreased $423 million, reflecting lower DSO.     

Accounts payable   decreased $117 million, reflecting lower DPO.     

Accrued expenses   decreased $221 million,   primarily due to employee compensation payouts related to fiscal year 2018 commissions and incentive compensation plans     

 We expect that cash provided by operating activities may materially fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, shipment linearity, accounts receivable collections performance, inventory and supply chain management, vendor payment initiatives, tax benefits or charges from stock-based compensation, and the timing and amount of compensation and other payments. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities    
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we generated $248 million from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, and paid $64 million for capital expenditures, compared to $112 million and $36 million, respectively, during the first quarter of fiscal 2018.  
 35  
 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities     
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we used $500 million for the repurchase of seven million shares of our common stock, $105 million for the payment of dividends, and $185 million  for the repayment of commercial paper notes, net, compared to $150 million used for the repurchase of four million shares of common stock, $54 million used for the payment of dividends, and $394 million generated from issuances of commercial paper notes, net, during the first quarter of fiscal 2018.  
 Key factors that could affect our cash flows include changes in our revenue mix and profitability, our ability to effectively manage our working capital, in particular, accounts receivable, accounts payable and inventories, the timing and amount of stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends, the impact of foreign exchange rate changes, our ability to effectively integrate acquired products, businesses and technologies and the timing of repayments of our debt. Based on past performance and our current business outlook, we believe that our sources of liquidity, including potential future issuances of debt, equity or other securities, will satisfy our working capital needs, capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on our debt and other liquidity requirements associated with operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to curtail spending and implement additional cost saving measures and restructuring actions or enter into new financing arrangements. We cannot be certain that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to obtain additional financing, if necessary, on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
 Liquidity  
 Our principal sources of liquidity as of July 27, 2018 consisted of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, cash we expect to generate from operations, and our commercial paper program and related credit facility.  
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following (in millions):  

As of July 27, 2018 and April 27, 2018, $4.3 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively, of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by various foreign subsidiaries and were generally based in U.S. dollar-denominated holdings, while $0.5 billion and $0.9 billion, respectively, were available in the U.S. at the end of each period. The TCJA imposes a one-time transition tax on substantially all accumulated foreign earnings through December 31, 2017, and generally allows companies to make distributions of foreign earnings without incurring additional federal taxes. As a part of the provisional estimates recorded for the impacts of the TCJA, we have reviewed our projected global cash requirements and have determined that certain historical and future foreign earnings will no longer be indefinitely reinvested.    
 Our principal liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital needs, support ongoing business activities, fund research and development, meet capital expenditure needs, invest in critical or complementary technologies, service interest and principal payments on our debt, fund our stock repurchase program, and pay dividends, as and if declared. 
 The principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. We attempt to mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and monitoring the counter-parties and underlying obligors closely. We believe our cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. We are not aware of any significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or investments from the values reported as of July 27, 2018.  
 Our investment portfolio has been and will continue to be exposed to market risk due to trends in the credit and capital markets. We continue to closely monitor current economic and market events to minimize the market risk of our investment portfolio. We routinely monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign borrowers and counterparties. We utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure our worldwide cash is available when and where it is needed. Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. We also have an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We may in the future offer an additional unspecified amount of debt, equity and other securities.  
 36  
 
  Senior Notes     
 The following table summarizes the principal amount of our Senior Notes as of July 27, 2018 (in millions):  

Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually. For further information on the underlying terms, see Note 9   Financing Arrangements of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Commercial Paper Program and Credit Facility 
 We have a commercial paper program (the Program), under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes.  Amounts available under the Program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the notes outstanding under the Program at any time not to exceed $1.0 billion  .  The maturities of the notes can vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. The notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at a discount from par or, alternatively, may be sold at par and bear interest at rates dictated by market conditions at the time of their issuance.  The proceeds from the issuance of the notes are used for general corporate purposes. As of July 27, 2018, we had commercial paper notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $200 million, a weighted-average interest rate of 2.28% and maturities ranging from 14 days to 31 days.  
 In connection with the Program, we have a senior unsecured credit agreement that expires on December 10, 2021. The credit agreement provides a $1.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility that serves as a back-up for the Program. Proceeds from the facility may also be used for general corporate purposes, providing another potential source of liquidity to the extent that the credit facility exceeds the outstanding debt issued under the Program. The credit agreement also includes options that allow us to request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $300 million and to extend its maturity date for two additional one-year periods, both subject to certain conditions. As of July 27, 2018, we were in compliance with all associated covenants in this agreement. No amounts were drawn against this facility during any of the periods presented. 
 Capital Expenditure Requirements  
 We expect to fund our capital expenditures, including our commitments related to facilities, equipment, operating leases and internal-use software development projects over the next few years through existing cash, cash equivalents, investments and cash generated from operations. The timing and amount of our capital requirements cannot be precisely determined and will depend on a number of factors, including future demand for products, changes in the network storage industry, hiring plans and our decisions related to the financing of our facilities and equipment requirements. We anticipate capital expenditures for the remainder of fiscal 2019 to be between $100 million and $150 million.  
 Dividends and Stock Repurchase Program  
 On August 15, 2018, we declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock, payable on October 24, 2018 to holders of record as of the close of business on October 5, 2018. 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $13.6 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase program .  Under this program,  we may purchase shares of our outstanding common stock through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase programs, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or in such other manner as deemed appropriate by our management.  The stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Since the May 13, 2003 inception of this program through July 27, 2018, we repurchased a total of 291 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $34.79 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $10.1 billion. As of July 27, 2018, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program was $3.5 billion. 
 The timing and amount of stock repurchase transactions and future dividends will depend on market conditions, corporate business and financial considerations and regulatory requirements.  
 Contractual Obligations  
 Operating Lease Commitments  
 As of July 27, 2018, future annual minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year totaled $184 million.  
 37  
 
  Purchase Orders and Other Commitments   
 In the ordinary course of business, we make commitments to our third-party contract manufacturers to manage manufacturer lead times and meet product forecasts, and to other parties to purchase various key components used in the manufacture of our products. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements consists of firm, non-cancelable, and unconditional commitments. As of July 27, 2018, we had $382 million in non-cancelable purchase commitments for inventory. We record a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. To the extent that such forecasts are not achieved, our commitments and associated accruals may change.  
 In addition to inventory commitments with contract manufacturers and component suppliers, we have open purchase orders and construction related obligations associated with our ordinary course of business for which we have not received goods or services. As of July 27, 2018, we had $5 million in construction related obligations and $195 million in other purchase obligations.  
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits  
 As of July 27, 2018, our liability for uncertain tax positions was $319 million, including interest, penalties and offsetting indirect benefits. Due to uncertainties regarding tax audits and their possible outcomes, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement with the taxing authorities. 
 Financing Guarantees 
 While most of our arrangements for sales include short-term payment terms, from time to time we provide long-term financing to creditworthy customers. We have generally sold receivables financed through these arrangements on a non-recourse basis to third party financing institutions within 10 days of the contracts  dates of execution, and we classify the proceeds from these sales as cash flows from operating activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. We account for the sales of these receivables as  true sales  as defined in the accounting standards on transfers of financial assets, as we are considered to have surrendered control of these financing receivables. Provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met, we recognize product revenues for these arrangements, net of any payment discounts from financing transactions, upon product acceptance. We sold $30 million and $31 million of receivables during the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, respectively. 
 In addition, we enter into arrangements with leasing companies for the sale of our hardware systems products. These leasing companies, in turn, lease our products to end-users. The leasing companies generally have no recourse to us in the event of default by the end-user and we recognize revenue upon delivery to the end-user customer, if all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.    
 Some of the leasing arrangements described above have been financed on a recourse basis through third-party financing institutions. Under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. These arrangements are generally collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Where we provide a guarantee for recourse leases, we recognize revenues in accordance with our revenue recognition policy, as updated to reflect the adoption of ASC 606. In connection with certain recourse financing arrangements, we receive advance payments associated with undelivered elements that are subject to customer refund rights. As of July 27, 2018 and April 28, 2017, the aggregate amount by which such contingencies exceeded the associated liabilities was not significant. To date, we have not experienced significant losses under our lease financing programs or other financing arrangements. 
 We have entered into service contracts with certain of our end-user customers that are supported by third-party financing arrangements. If a service contract is terminated as a result of our non-performance under the contract or our failure to comply with the terms of the financing arrangement, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to acquire certain assets related to the service contract or to pay the aggregate unpaid payments under such arrangements. As of July 27, 2018, we have not been required to make any payments under these arrangements, and we believe the likelihood of having to acquire a material amount of assets or make payments under these arrangements is remote. The portion of the financial arrangement that represents unearned services revenue is included in deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue in our condensed consolidated balance sheets .   
 Indemnification Agreements 
 We enter into indemnification agreements with third parties in the ordinary course of business. Generally, these indemnification agreements require us to reimburse losses suffered by the third-parties due to various events, such as lawsuits arising from patent or copyright infringement. These indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet arrangements under accounting guidance. 
 Legal Contingencies  
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the normal course of business. See further details on such matters in Note 16   Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38  
 
      I  tem 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
 We are exposed to market risk related to fluctuations in market prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. We use certain derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency exchange risks. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. All financial instruments are used in accordance with management-approved policies.  
 Interest Rate Risk  
 Fixed Income Investments    As of July 27, 2018, we had fixed income debt investments of $2.3 billion. Our investment portfolio primarily consists of investments with original maturities greater than three months at the date of purchase, which are classified as available-for-sale investments. These investments, which consist primarily of corporate bonds, U.S. Treasury and government debt securities, commercial paper and certificates of deposit, are subject to interest rate and interest income risk and will decrease in value if market interest rates increase. Conversely, declines in interest rates, including the impact from lower credit spreads, could have a material adverse impact on interest income for our investment portfolio. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in market interest rates from levels as of July 27, 2018 would have resulted in a decrease in the fair value of our fixed-income securities of approximately $55 million. Volatility in market interest rates over time will cause variability in our interest income. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio.   
 Our investment policy is to limit credit exposure through diversification and investment in highly rated securities. We further mitigate concentrations of credit risk in our investments by limiting our investments in the debt securities of a single issuer and by diversifying risk across geographies and type of issuer. We actively review, along with our investment advisors, current investment ratings, company-specific events and general economic conditions in managing our investments and in determining whether there is a significant decline in fair value that is other-than-temporary. We monitor and evaluate our investment portfolio on a quarterly basis for any other-than-temporary impairments.  
 Debt    As of July 27, 2018, we have outstanding $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes. We carry these instruments at face value less unamortized discount on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Since these instruments bear interest at fixed rates, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of these instruments fluctuates when interest rates change. See Note 9   Financing Arrangements of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.   
 Credit Facility    We are exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates in connection with our $1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the facility accrue interest at rates that vary based on certain market rates and our credit rating on our Senior Notes. Consequently, our interest expense would fluctuate with any changes in these market interest rates or in our credit rating if we were to borrow any amounts under the credit facility. As of July 27, 2018, no amounts were outstanding under the credit facility.   
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk  
 We hedge risks associated with certain foreign currency transactions to minimize the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on earnings. We utilize foreign currency exchange forward and option contracts to hedge against the short-term impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. Currently, sales transactions and expenditures denominated in foreign currencies are not hedged, and therefore are exposed to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. 
 We do not enter into foreign currency exchange contracts for speculative or trading purposes. In entering into foreign currency exchange forward and option contracts, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of the contracts. We attempt to limit our exposure to credit risk by executing foreign currency exchange contracts with creditworthy multinational commercial banks. All contracts have a maturity of less than six months. See Note 11   Derivatives and Hedging Activities of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our derivatives and hedging activities. 

39  
 
      I  tem 4. Controls and Procedures.   
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 The phrase  disclosure controls and procedures  refers to controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), such as this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of July 27, 2018, the end of the fiscal period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Evaluation Date). Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information required to be disclosed in our SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with our evaluation that occurred during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.  

40  
 
      P  ART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 16   Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
   
 The following descriptions of risk factors includes any material changes to, and supersedes the description of risk factors associated with, the Company s business previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 27, 2018 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) (the  2018 Form 10-K ) under the heading  Risk Factors.  Our business, financial condition and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from the past, or from anticipated future, results of operations and financial condition. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and common stock price.  
 The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Form 10-Q or elsewhere. The following information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes in Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements and Part I, Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-Q.  
 The following discussion reflects our current judgment regarding the most significant risks we face. These risks can and will change in the future.  
 Our business may be harmed by trends in the networked storage hardware market or if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes. 
 Our industry and the markets in which we compete have historically experienced significant growth due to the increase in the demand for storage and data management solutions by consumers, enterprises and government bodies around the world, and the resultant purchases of storage and data management solutions to address this demand. However, despite continued data growth, the networked storage hardware market experienced a decline in each of the last three calendar years due to a combination of customers delaying purchases in the face of technology transitions, increasing adoption of cloud environments built on commodity hardware, increased storage efficiency, and changing economic and business environments. While customers are navigating through their information technology (IT) transformations, which leverage modern architectures and hybrid cloud environments, they are also reducing IT budgets, looking for simpler solutions, and rethinking how they consume IT. This evolution is diverting spending towards transformational projects and architectures like flash, hybrid cloud, IT as a service, converged infrastructure, and software defined storage. Our business may be adversely impacted if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological or market changes or if our Data Fabric strategy is not accepted in the marketplace. As a result of these and other factors discussed in the report, our revenue may decline as it did in fiscal years 2015, 2016 and 2017, on a year-over-year basis. The future impact of these trends on both short-term and long-term growth patterns is uncertain. If the general historical rate of industry growth declines, if the growth rates of the specific markets in which we compete decline, and/or if the consumption model of storage changes and our new and existing products, services and solutions do not receive customer acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer.  
 If we are unable to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for new products while managing the transition from older products, or if we cannot provide the expected level of quality, service and support for our new products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Our future growth depends upon the successful development and introduction of new hardware and software products and related services. Due to the complexity of storage software, subsystems and appliances and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to produce new products and services, such products and services are subject to significant technical and quality control risks. 
 If we are unable, for technological, customer reluctance or other reasons, to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for new products and services, as and when required by the market and our customers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 New or additional product introductions, including new hardware and software offerings, such as NetApp HCI, Cloud Volumes ONTAP, and new all flash storage products, subject us to additional financial and operational risks, including our ability to forecast customer preferences and/or demand, our ability to successfully manage the transition from older products and solutions, our ability to forecast the impact of customers  demand for new products and solutions or the products being replaced, and our ability to manage production capacity to meet the demand for new products. In addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must also  
 41  
 
  avoid excessive levels of older product   inventories and related components and ensure that enough supplies of new products can be delivered to meet customers  demands. Further risks inherent in new product and solutions introductions include the uncertainty of price-performance relative to prod  ucts of competitors, competitors  responses to the introductions, delays in sales caused by the desire of customers to evaluate new products for extended periods of time and our partners  investment in selling our new products and solutions. If these risks   are not managed effectively, we could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model.  
 As we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. We may not be able to provide products, service and support to effectively compete for these market opportunities. 
 Our new consumption-based business models may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 We offer customers a full range of consumption models, including the deployment of our software through our subscription and cloud-based Software as a Service (SaaS), and utility pricing and managed services offerings for our hardware and software systems. These business models continue to evolve, and we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues or maintain the profitability of our consumption-based offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise hardware and software offerings and could have a dampening impact on overall demand for our on-premise hardware and software product and service offerings, which could reduce our revenues and profitability, at least in the near term. If we do not successfully execute our consumption model strategy or anticipate the needs of our customers, our revenues and profitability could decline. 
 As customer demand for our consumption model offerings increases, we will experience differences in the timing of revenue recognition between our traditional hardware and software license arrangements, including for the software license components of enterprise software license agreements, (for which revenue is generally recognized in full at the time of delivery), relative to our consumption model offerings, (for which revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement). We incur certain expenses associated with the infrastructure and marketing of our consumption model offerings in advance of our ability to recognize the revenues associated with these offerings. 
 Our sales and distribution structure makes forecasting revenues difficult and, if disrupted, could harm our operating results. 
 Our business and sales models make revenues difficult to forecast. We sell to a variety of customers directly and through various channels, with a corresponding variety of sales cycles, and we recently reorganized our sales resources to improve the alignment of those resources with customer and market opportunities. The reorganization of our sales resources could result in short or long-term disruption of our sales cycles and harm our operating results. The majority of our sales are made and/or fulfilled indirectly through channel partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and strategic business partners, which now include hyperscalers. This structure significantly complicates our ability to forecast future revenue, especially within any particular fiscal quarter or year. Moreover, our relationships with our indirect channel partners and strategic business partners are critical to our success. The loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given geographic area or the failure of our channel or strategic partners to promote our products could harm our operating results. Qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically require a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. If we fail to maintain our relationships with our indirect channel partners and strategic partners, if their financial condition, business or customer relationships were to weaken, if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or if we were to cease to do business with them for these or other reasons, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business and operating results. 
 The storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology and fragmentation. We compete with many companies in the markets we serve, including established public companies, newly public companies with a strong flash focus, and new market entrants addressing the growing opportunity for hyper-converged systems. Some offer a broad spectrum of IT products and services (full-stack vendors) and others offer a more limited set of storage and data management products or services. Technology trends, such as the emergence of hosted or public cloud storage, SaaS and flash storage are driving significant changes in storage architectures and solution requirements. Cloud service providers provide customers storage for their data centers on demand, without requiring a capital expenditure, which meets rapidly evolving business needs and has changed the competitive landscape.  
 Competitors may develop new technologies or products in advance of us or establish business models or technologies disruptive to us. By extending our flash, converged infrastructure and cloud storage offerings, we are competing in new segments with both traditional competitors and new competitors, particularly smaller emerging storage vendors. The longer-term potential and competitiveness of these emerging vendors remains to be determined. In cloud and converged infrastructure, we also compete with large well-established competitors. 
 42  
 
  For additional infor  mation regarding our competitors, see the section entitled  Competition  contained in Item 1   Business of Part I of   the     201  8   Form 10-K  . It is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors might emerge and rapidly acquire significant market   share or buying power. An increase in industry consolidation might result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as full  -  stack vendors for customers and achieve increased economies of scale in the supply chain. For example, in October 2016  , Dell Inc. and EMC Corp. consummated their agreement to merge. Also  ,   in April 2017, HP Enterprise completed their acquisition of Nimble Storage. In addition, current and potential competitors have established or might establish cooperative relationships a  mong themselves or with third parties, including some of our partners or suppliers.  
 Continuing uncertain economic and political conditions restrict our visibility and may harm our operating results, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 Continuing global economic uncertainty, political conditions and fiscal challenges in the United States (U.S.) and abroad have, among other things, limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products, contributed to increased periodic volatility in the computer, storage and networking industries at large, as well as the IT market, and could constrain future access to capital for our suppliers, customers and partners. The impacts of these circumstances are global and pervasive, and the timing and nature of any ultimate resolution of these matters remain highly uncertain. Consequently, we expect these concerns to challenge our business for the foreseeable future, which could cause harm to our operating results. Such conditions have resulted, and may in the future again result, in failure to meet our forecasted financial expectations and to achieve historical levels of revenue growth. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate materially, which could harm our common stock price. 
 Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so, sometimes materially. All of the matters discussed in this Risk Factors section could impact our operating results in any fiscal quarter or year. In addition to those matters, we face the following issues, which could impact our quarterly results: 

Seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the U.S. federal government s September 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders; and     

Linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter s total bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter.     

 If our operating results fall below our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock may decline.  
 Our gross margins vary. 
 Our gross margins reflect a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design, and the volume and relative mix of revenues from product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services. Increased component costs, increased pricing and discounting pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product prices, or changes in the mix of revenue or decreased volume from product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services could harm our revenues, gross margins or earnings. Our gross margins are also impacted by the cost of any materials that are of poor quality and our sales and distribution activities, including, without limitation, pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives and discount levels, and the timing of service contract renewals. 
 The costs of third-party components comprise a significant portion of our product costs. While we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing these costs if supplies of certain components become limited or component prices increase. Any such limitation could result in an increase in our product costs. An increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings. 
 We often incur expenses before we receive related benefits, and expenses may be difficult to reduce quickly if demand declines. 
 We base our expense levels in part on future revenue expectations and a significant percentage of our expenses are fixed. It is difficult to reduce our fixed costs quickly, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results could be adversely impacted. During periods of uneven growth or decline, we may incur costs before we realize the anticipated related benefits, which could also harm our operating results. We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing and other functions to support and grow our business. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to maintain and develop relationships with strategic partners, our revenues may be harmed. 
 Our growth strategy includes developing and maintaining strategic partnerships with major third-party software and hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with them. A number of our strategic partners are industry leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage and data management markets. In particular, strategic  
 43  
 
  partnerships with hyperscalers and cloud service vendors are critical to the success of our cloud-based business. However, there is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and th  ese relationships may not be exclusive, may not generate significant revenues and may be terminated on short notice. For instance, some of our partners are also partnering with our competitors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions and   harm our ability to grow our relationships with those partners. Moreover, some of our partners, particularly large, more diversified technology companies, are also competitors, thereby complicating our relationships. If we are unable to establish new part  nerships or maintain existing partnerships, if our strategic partners favor their relationships with other vendors in the storage industry or if our strategic partners increasingly compete with us, we could experience lower than expected revenues, suffer d  elays in product development, or experience other harm to our business, operating results and financial condition.  
 If we do not achieve forecasted bookings in any quarter, our financial results could be harmed. 
 We derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. Bookings typically follow intra-quarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. If we do not achieve the level, timing and mix of bookings consistent with our quarterly targets and historical patterns, or if we experience cancellations of significant orders, our financial results could be harmed. 
 A portion of our revenues is generated by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. A loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has negatively affected us in the past, and could negatively affect our revenues in the future. 
 A significant portion of our net revenues are generated through sales to a limited number of distributors. We generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with our customers, resellers and distributors for extended periods of time, and thus there is no guarantee we will continue to receive large, recurring orders from these customers, resellers or distributors. For example, our reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases, and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop purchasing and marketing our products at any time. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact the solvency of our customers, resellers and distributors or the ability of such customers, resellers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If any of our key customers, resellers or distributors changes its pricing practices, reduces the size or frequency of its orders for our products, or stops purchasing our products altogether, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for critical product components. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for drives and other components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain single source suppliers, which has subjected us, and could in the future subject us, to price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products with the quality and in the quantities demanded. Consolidation among suppliers, particularly within the semiconductor and disk drive industries, has contributed to price rigidity and may in the future create supply constraints. When industry supply is constrained, our suppliers may allocate volumes away from us and to our competitors, all of which rely on many of the same suppliers as we do. Accordingly, our operating results may be harmed. 
 Any disruption to our supply chain could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We do not manufacture our products or their components. Instead, we rely on third parties to make our products and critical components, such as disk drives, as well as for associated logistics. Our lack of direct responsibility for, and control over, these elements of our business, as well as the diverse international geographic locations of our manufacturing partners and suppliers, creates significant risks for us, including, among other things:  
     Limited ability to control the quality, quantity and cost of our products or of their components;  

The potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers at higher than market rates;     

Limited ability to adjust production volumes in response to our customers  demand fluctuations;  
   
     Labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own;  
   
     Geopolitical disputes disrupting our supply chain;  

Business, legal compliance, litigation and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship our products in the quantities, quality and manner we require; and     

Disruptions due to floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources.     

 44  
 
  Such risks have   subjected us,   and could in the future subject us  ,   to supply constraints, price increases and minimum purchase requirements and our business, operati  ng results and financial condition could be harmed. The risks associated with our outsourced manufacturing model are particularly acute when we transition products to new facilities or manufacturers, introduce and increase volumes of new products or qualif  y new contract manufacturers or suppliers, at which times our ability to manage the relationships among us, our manufacturing partners and our component suppliers, becomes critical. New manufacturers, products, components or facilities create increased cos  ts and risk that we will fail to deliver high quality products in the required volumes to our customers. Any failure of a manufacturer or component supplier to meet our quality, quantity or delivery requirements in a cost-effective manner will harm our bus  iness, operating results and customer relationships.  
 Due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent in our international operations could materially harm our business. 
 A significant portion of our operations are located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of the U.S. In addition, most of our products are manufactured outside of the U.S., and we have research and development, sales and service centers overseas. Accordingly, our business and our future operating results could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our international operations including, among other things, local political or economic conditions, trade protection and export and import requirements, tariffs, local labor conditions, transportation costs, government spending patterns, acts of terrorism, international conflicts and natural disasters in areas with limited infrastructure. In particular, the current trade tensions with China could impact our business and operating results. In addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and regulations related to data privacy. We are also subject to the potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation, or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws. Such factors could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. We utilize forward and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities. Our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows. In addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets, liabilities and cash flows that we do not hedge could have a material impact on our financial results in periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to foreign currencies. 
 Additional risks inherent in our international business activities generally include, among others, longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in managing international operations. 
 Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. There can be no assurance that all our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. Any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We could be subject to additional income tax liabilities. 
 Our effective tax rate is influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. These factors include among other things, fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries and states in which we do business, the outcome of income tax audits and changes to the tax laws in such jurisdictions. Changes to any of these factors could materially impact our operating results. 
 We receive significant tax benefits from sales to our non-U.S. customers. These benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and regulations in the U.S. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. Future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations or a change in how we manage our international operations could adversely affect our ability to continue realizing these tax benefits. 
 Many countries around the world are beginning to implement legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations and related action plans that aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border tax, transfer-pricing documentation rules and nexus-based tax incentive practices. As a result, many of these changes, if enacted, could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. 
 We are routinely subject to income tax audits in the U.S. and several foreign tax jurisdictions. If the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed under these audits results in amounts in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 45  
 
  Our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would nega  tively impact our operating and financial results as a whole. Additionally, our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations, our tax structure and how our operations are managed and structured, and a  s a result, we could experience harm to our operating results and financial condition. The recent U.S. tax law changes enacted through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are subject to further interpretations from the U.S. federal and state governments and regulato  ry organizations, such as the Treasury Department and/or Internal Revenue Service. Changes to interpretations of the law could change the provisional tax expense or accounting treatment of the $732 million expense we have recorded in relation to the transi  tion tax. We have elected to pay the transition tax over a period of eight years. As result, our cash flows from operating activities will be adversely impacted until the additional tax provisions are paid in full.  
 Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business in response to changing market conditions and market demand for our products, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results. 
 Our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions. 
 In response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products, we have in the past undertaken cost savings initiatives. For example, in May 2015, March 2016, November 2016 and May 2018, we executed restructuring events designed to streamline our business, reduce our cost structure and focus our resources on key strategic opportunities. As a result, we have recognized substantial restructuring charges. In fiscal 2018, we created the Storage Systems and Software, Cloud Data Services, and Cloud Infrastructure business units to enable us to develop the organization and systems to successfully execute a multi-product business. We also reorganized our sales resources to better align with customer and market opportunities. We may in the future undertake initiatives that could include reorganizing our workforce, restructuring, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, or a combination of these actions. Rapid changes in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, including our new business unit structure and sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop, sell and deliver products and services as planned or impair our ability to realize our current or future business and financial objectives. Any decision to take these actions may result in charges to earnings associated with, among other things, inventory or other fixed, intangible or goodwill asset reductions (including, without limitation, impairment charges), workforce and facility reductions and penalties and claims from third-party resellers or users of discontinued products. Charges associated with these activities would harm our operating results. In addition to the costs associated with these activities, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the underlying restructuring activities. 
 If our products are defective, or are perceived to be defective as a result of improper use or maintenance, our gross margins, operating results and customer relationships may be harmed. 
 Our hardware and software products are complex. We have experienced in the past, and expect to experience in the future, quality issues. Such quality issues may be due to, for example, our own designs or processes, the designs or processes of our suppliers, and/or flaws in third-party software used in our products. Quality risk is most acute when we are introducing new products. We have also increased the cadence of our product release cycle, which could impact product and service quality. Quality issues have and could again in the future cause customers to experience outages or disruptions in service, data loss or data corruption. If we fail to remedy a product defect, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, inventory costs or product reengineering expenses and higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our gross margins, business and operating results. In addition, we exercise little control over how our customers use or maintain our products, and in some cases improper usage or maintenance could impair the performance of our products, which could lead to a perception of a quality issue. Customers and we may experience losses that may result from or are alleged to result from defects in our products, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages. 
 If a data center or other third party who relies on our products experiences a disruption in service or a loss of data, such disruption could be attributed to the quality of our products, thereby causing financial or reputational harm to our business. 
 Our clients, including data centers, SaaS, cloud computing and internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers, rely on our products for their data storage needs. Our clients may authorize third-party technology providers to access their data on our systems. Because we do not control the transmissions between our clients, their customers, and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Errors or wrongdoing by clients, their customers, or third-party technology providers resulting in security breaches may be attributed to us. 
 A failure or inability to meet our clients  expectations with respect to security and confidentiality through a disruption in the services provided by these third-party vendors, or the loss of data stored by such vendors, could result in financial or reputational harm to our business to the extent that such disruption or loss is caused by, or perceived by our customers to have been caused by, defects in our products. Moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of  
 46  
 
  information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. This may affect our ability to retain clients and att  ract new business.  
 If a cybersecurity or other security breach occurs on our systems or on our end -user customer systems, or if stored data is improperly accessed, customers may reduce or cease using our solutions, our reputation may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities.  
 We store and transmit personal, sensitive and proprietary data related to our products, our employees, customers, clients and partners (including third-party vendors such as data centers and providers of SaaS, cloud computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth), and their respective customers, including intellectual property, books of record and personal information. It is critical to our business strategy that our infrastructure, products and services remain secure and are perceived by customers, clients and partners to be secure. There are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, human error and technological vulnerabilities. Cybersecurity incidents or other security breaches could result in (1) unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, such information; (2) litigation, indemnity obligations, government investigations and other possible liabilities; (3) negative publicity; and (4) disruptions to our internal and external operations. Any of these could damage our reputation and public perception of the security and reliability of our products, as well as harm our business and cause us to incur significant liabilities. In addition, a cybersecurity incident or other security breach could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, disruption of internal operations, increased cybersecurity protection costs and lost revenues. 
 Our clients and customers use our platforms for the transmission and storage of sensitive data. We do not review the information or content that our clients and their customers upload and store, and, therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of the information or content stored within our platforms. If our employees, or our clients, partners or their respective customers use our platforms for the transmission or storage of personal or other sensitive information and our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liabilities. 
 High-profile cyberattacks and security breaches have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyberattacks targeting IT products and businesses. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems and we anticipate that hacking attempts and cyberattacks will increase in the future. We cannot give assurance that we will always be successful in preventing or repelling unauthorized access to our systems. 
 Many jurisdictions have enacted or are enacting laws requiring companies to notify regulators or individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding security incidents often lead to widespread negative publicity. Moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. Any security incident, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their support contracts or their SaaS subscriptions, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, a security incident or loss of personal information could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, disruption of internal operations, increased cybersecurity protection costs and lost revenues. Our business could be subject to stricter obligations and greater fines under the enactment of new data privacy laws, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation enacted on May 25, 2018. 
 There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurers may deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel and to preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture. Because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers, including in emerging areas of technology such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. In addition, to increase revenues, we will be required to increase the productivity of our sales force and support infrastructure to achieve adequate customer coverage. Competition for qualified employees, particularly in Silicon Valley,  
 47  
 
  is intense. We have periodically reduced our workforce, including an 11% reduction announced in March 2016 and a 6% reduction announced in November 2016, and these actions may make it more difficult   to attract and retain qualified employees. Our inability to hire and retain qualified management and skilled personnel, particularly engineers, salespeople and key executive management, could be disruptive to our development efforts, sales results, busine  ss relationships and/or our ability to execute our business plan and strategy on a timely basis and could materially and adversely affect our operating results.   
 Equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. If we reduce, modify or eliminate our equity programs, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees.  
 In addition, because of the structure of our cash and equity incentive compensation plans, we may be at increased risk of losing employees at certain times. For example, the retention value of our compensation plans decreases after the payment of annual bonuses or the vesting of equity awards. 
 We are continually seeking ways to make our cost structure, business processes and systems more efficient, including by moving activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing new business information systems. Problems with the execution of these activities could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may not achieve the expected benefits of these initiatives. 
 We continuously seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient, including by moving our business activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing changes to our business information systems. These efforts involve a significant investment of financial and human resources and significant changes to our current operating processes. In addition, as we move operations into lower-cost jurisdictions and outsource certain business processes, we become subject to new regulatory regimes and lose control of certain aspects of our operations and, as a consequence, become more dependent upon the systems and business processes of third-parties. If we are unable to move our operations, outsource business processes and implement new business information systems in a manner that complies with local law and maintains adequate standards, controls and procedures, the quality of our products and services may suffer and we may be subject to increased litigation risk, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, we may not achieve the expected benefits of these and other transformational initiatives, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our acquisitions may not achieve expected benefits, and may increase our liabilities, disrupt our existing business and harm our operating results. 
 As part of our strategy, we seek to acquire other businesses and technologies to complement our current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. For example, in fiscal 2018 we acquired two privately held companies, and in fiscal 2016 we acquired SolidFire, Inc. The benefits we have received, and expect to receive, from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate the terms of the acquisition and integrate the acquired business into our systems, procedures and organizational structure. Any inaccuracy in our acquisition assumptions or any failure to uncover liabilities or risks associated with the acquisition, make the acquisition on favorable terms, integrate the acquired business or assets as and when expected or retain key employees of the acquired company may reduce or eliminate the expected benefits of the acquisition to us, increase our costs, disrupt our operations, result in additional liabilities, investigations and litigation, and may also harm our strategy, our business and our operating results. The failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits may also result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangible assets. 
 Reduced U.S. government demand could materially harm our business and operating results. In addition, we could be harmed by claims that we have or a channel partner has failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the U.S. government. 
 The U.S. government is an important customer for us. However, government demand is uncertain, as it is subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints. Events such as the U.S. federal government shutdown in October 2013 and continued uncertainty regarding the U.S. budget and debt levels have increased demand uncertainty for our products, and in our fiscal 2016 resulted in lower sales to these customers. In addition, like other customers, the U.S. government may evaluate competing products and delay purchasing in the face of the technology transitions taking place in the storage industry. If the U.S. government or an individual agency or multiple agencies within the U.S. government continue to reduce or shift their IT spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed. 
 Selling our products to the U.S. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. As an example, the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the General Services Administration (GSA) have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with IT vendors, including us and several of our competitors and channel partners, under the False Claims Act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of GSA contracts for sales to the federal government. Although the DOJ and GSA currently have no claims pending against us, we could face claims in the future.  
 48  
 
  Violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements, including with respect to data security, could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have a materia  l adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.  
 We are exposed to credit risks and fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio.    
 We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. Credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, sovereign risk or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of our investments may fluctuate substantially. Therefore, although we have not recently realized any significant losses on our investments, future fluctuations in their value could result in a significant realized loss. 
 There are risks associated with our outstanding and future indebtedness. 
 As of July 27, 2018, we had $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness for our senior notes that mature at specific dates in calendar years 2019, 2021, 2022 and 2024, and we had an aggregate of $200 million of commercial paper notes outstanding with maturities ranging from 14 to 31 days. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future under existing credit facilities and/or enter into new financing arrangements. We may fail to pay these or additional future obligations, as and when required. Specifically, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service or refinance our debt, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. Any downgrades from credit rating agencies such as Moody s Investors Service or Standard   Poor s Rating Services may adversely impact our ability to obtain additional financing or the terms of such financing and reduce the market capacity for our commercial paper. Furthermore, if prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest upon any potential future financing, then interest expense related to the refinance indebtedness would increase. 
 In addition, all our debt and credit facility arrangements subject us to continued compliance with restrictive and financial covenants. If we do not comply with these covenants or otherwise default under the arrangements, we may be required to repay any outstanding amounts borrowed under these agreements. Moreover, compliance with these covenants may restrict our strategic or operational flexibility in the future, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers, resellers and distributors, especially during times of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in material losses. 
 Most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days. We may experience losses due to a customer s inability to pay. Beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers have entered into recourse and non-recourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party leasing companies. Under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. During periods of economic uncertainty, our exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. In addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic conditions. 
 Our failure to adjust to emerging standards in the storage and data management industry may harm our business. 
 Emerging standards in the storage and data management markets may adversely affect the UNIX     , Windows      and World Wide Web server markets upon which we depend. For example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with respect to data access, reliability and permanence in the U.S. and in the other countries in which we operate. If our products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will not purchase our products, and we may not be able to expand our product offerings in these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted. 
 Some of our products are subject to U.S. export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered, and any violation of these laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations administered by the Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) and the trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The U.S., through the BIS and OFAC, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons. Violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. Our products could be shipped to those targets by third parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite our precautions. 
 49  
 
  If we were ever found to have violated U.S. export control laws, we may be subject to various pena  lties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Even if we were not found to have violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governm  ental investigation of us could cause us significant expense and reputational harm. Such collateral consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.  
 Changes in regulations relating to our products or their components, or the manufacture, sourcing, distribution or use thereof, may harm our business and operating results. 
 The laws and regulations governing the manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and use of our products have become more complex and stringent over time. For example, in addition to various environmental laws relating to carbon emissions and the use and discharge of hazardous materials, the SEC adopted regulations concerning the supply of certain minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries. We incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements of this law and may realize other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. Further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other stakeholders conclude that we are unable to verify sufficiently the origins of the minerals used in the products we sell. As the laws and regulations governing our products continue to expand and change, our costs are likely to rise, and the failure to comply with any such laws and regulations could subject us to business interruptions, litigation risks and reputational harm. 
 Our failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our success depends significantly upon developing, maintaining and protecting our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions with employees, resellers, strategic partners and customers, to protect our proprietary rights. We currently have multiple U.S. and international patent applications pending and multiple U.S. and international patents issued. The pending applications may not be approved, and our existing and future patents may be challenged. If such challenges are brought, the patents may be invalidated. We may not be able to develop proprietary products or technologies that are patentable, and patents issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. Further, the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our ability to do business. In addition, a failure to obtain and defend our trademark registrations may impede our marketing and branding efforts and competitive condition. Litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary technology. Any such litigation may be time-consuming and costly. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the U.S. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate or our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products, or design around patents issued to us or other intellectual property rights of ours. In addition, while we train employees in confidentiality practices and include terms in our employee and consultant agreements to protect our intellectual property, there is persistent risk that some individuals will improperly take our intellectual property after terminating their employment or other engagements with us, which could lead to intellectual property leakage to competitors and a loss of our competitive advantages. 
 We may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others. 
 We compete in markets in which intellectual property infringement claims arise in the normal course of business. Third parties have, from time to time, asserted intellectual property-related claims against us, including claims for alleged patent infringement brought by non-practicing entities. Such claims may be made against our products and services, our customers  use of our products and services, or a combination of our products and third-party products. We also may be subject to claims and indemnification obligations from customers and resellers with respect to third-party intellectual property rights pursuant to our agreements with them. If we refuse to indemnify or defend such claims, even in situations in which the third party s allegations are meritless, then customers and resellers may refuse to do business with us.   
 Patent litigation is particularly common in our industry. We have been, and continue to be, in active patent litigations with non-practicing entities. While we vigorously defend our ability to compete in the marketplace,  there is no guarantee that, in patent or other types of intellectual property litigation, we will prevail at trial or be able to settle at a reasonable cost.  If a judge or jury were to find that our products infringe, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages and be subject to an injunction that could cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, affect our ability to supply or service our customers, and/or require us to enter into compulsory royalty or licensing agreements .   
 We expect that companies in the network storage and data management markets will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. Any such claims, and any such infringement claims discussed above, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.  
 50  
 
  We rely on software from third parties, and a failure to pr  operly manage our use of third-party software could result in increased costs or loss of revenue.   
 Many of our products are designed to include software licensed from third parties. Such third-party software includes software licensed from commercial suppliers and software licensed under public open source licenses. We have internal processes to manage our use of such third-party software. However, if we fail to adequately manage our use of third-party software, then we may be subject to copyright infringement or other third-party claims. If we are non-compliant with a license for commercial software, then we may be required to pay penalties or undergo costly audits pursuant to the license agreement. In the case of open-source software licensed under certain  copyleft  licenses, the license itself may require, or a court-imposed remedy for non-compliant use of the open source software may require, that proprietary portions of our own software be publicly disclosed or licensed. This could result in a loss of intellectual property rights, increased costs, damage to our reputation and/or a loss of revenue. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected as a result of natural disasters, terrorist acts or other catastrophic events. 
 We depend on the ability of our personnel, inventories, equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. Any political, military, terrorism, global trade, world health or other issue that hinders this movement or restricts the import or export of materials could lead to significant business disruptions. Furthermore, any economic failure or other material disruption caused by natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanoes; power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business information systems failures or break-ins and similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. If such disruptions result in cancellations of customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity or corporate spending on IT, or directly impact our marketing, manufacturing, financial and logistics functions, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our headquarters is located in Northern California, an area susceptible to earthquakes and wildfires. If any significant disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business and our financial condition could be impaired. 
 Our stock price is subject to volatility. 
 Our stock price is subject to changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors' or analysts' valuation measures for our stock, changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt, changes in our credit ratings, our ability to pay dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned and market trends unrelated to our performance.  
 Our ability to pay quarterly dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned will be subject to, among other things, our financial condition and operating results, available cash and cash flows in the U.S., capital requirements, and other factors. Future dividends are subject to declaration by our Board of Directors, and our stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. If we fail to meet any expectations related to dividends and/or stock repurchases, the market price of our stock could decline significantly, and could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. Additionally, price volatility of our stock over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock s market price at a given point in time. 
 Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations or business can cause changes in our stock price. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products or services, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us, and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes may adversely affect our stock price. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
 Purchases of equity securities  
 The following table provides information with respect to the shares of common stock repurchased by us during the three months ended July 27, 2018:  

51  
 
  In May 2003, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program. As of   July 27, 2018  , our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $  13  .6 billion of our common stock. Since inceptio  n of the program through   July 27, 2018  , we repurchased a total of   291     million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $  10.1     billion. Under this program,   which we may suspend or discontinue at any time,   we may purchase shares of our ou  tstanding common stock through   solicited or unsolicited transactions in the   open market  , in   privately negotiated transactions  , through accelerated share repurchase programs, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or in such other manner as deemed appropriate by ou  r management.  

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities.  
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  
 Not Applicable.  

Item 5. Other Information.  
 None. 

52  
 
      I  tem 6. Exhibits.   
 The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report. 

Incorporation by Reference  

Exhibit  No  

Description  

Form  

File No.  

Exhibit  

Filing Date  

3.1  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company.     

8-K 

000-27130 

3.1 

April 30, 2018 

10.1*  

Executive Compensation Plan (as amended and restated June 20, 2018) of the Company.    

10.2*  

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based) Total Stockholder Return approved for use under the Company s 1999 Stock Option Plan   .   

10.3*  

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based)   Adjusted Operating Income approved for use under the Company s 1999 Stock Option Plan  .    

31.1  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

31.2  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

32.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

Identifies management plan or compensatory plan or arrangement.     

53  
 
      S  IGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

NETAPP, INC.  

(Registrant)  

/s/ RONALD J. PASEK  

Ronald J. Pasek  

Executive Vice President and  
 Chief Financial Officer  

Date: August 21, 2018  

54   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ntap-ex101_59.htm
 EX-10.1

ntap-ex101_59.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 NETAPP, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 (as amended and restated June 20, 2018) 

1.1.   Plan Objectives.  The objective of the  NetApp, Inc. Executive Compensation Plan  (the  Plan ) is to provide a means and guidelines under which NetApp, Inc. (the  Company ) can share its success with its key executives by providing such executives with awards based on the achievement of goals relating to the performance of the Company and its subsidiaries. For Performance Periods that ended prior to the Restatement Date, the Plan was intended to permit the grant of awards that qualified as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 1.2.   Effective Date.  The Plan originally became effective as of April 30, 2007 and was most recently amended and restated as of June 20, 2018 (the  Restatement Date ).  For purposes of clarification, the most recent amended and restated Plan only applies to Performance Periods commencing on or after the Company s 2019 Fiscal Year, and the most recent amended and restated Plan does not impact any bonus arrangement adopted by the Company for Performance Periods that commenced prior to the Company s 2019 Fiscal Year.   

2.   
 
 DEFINITIONS    

 The following words and phrases shall have the following meanings unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context: 
   2.1.    Actual Award   means as to any Performance Period, the actual award (if any) payable to a Participant for the Performance Period, subject to the Committee s authority under Section 3.4 to modify the award. 
   2.2.    Affiliate   means any corporation or other entity (including, but not limited to, partnerships and joint ventures) controlled by the Company. 
   2.3.    Base Pay   means as to any Performance Period, actual gross base salary.  Base Pay  excludes any other compensation, including but not limited to bonus or incentive payments of any sort, car allowances, relocation payments, expense reimbursements and advances, loans, payments received in lieu of benefit plan participation, club membership reimbursements and payments received from Company or government sponsored benefit plans, including but not limited to disability pay, wage replacement benefits, short-term/long-term disability payments, and workers  compensation benefits. 
       2.4.    Board         means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.5.     Bonus Pool    means the pool of funds available for distribution to Participants.  Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee establishes the Bonus Pool for each Performance Period.  
   2.6.      Change of Control      means (i) any  person  (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; or (ii) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition; or (iii) a change in the composition of the Board occurring within a twelve (12) month period, as a result of which fewer than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors.   Incumbent Directors  means directors who either (A) are Directors as of the effective date of the Plan, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election or nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors to the Company); or (iv) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation.  
   2.7.    Code     means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated thereunder, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 
   2.8.    Committee     means the committee appointed by the Board (pursuant to Section 5.1) to administer the Plan. 
   2.9.    Company     means NetApp, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 
     2.10.    Disability     means a permanent and total disability determined in accordance with uniform and nondiscriminatory standards adopted by the Committee from time to time. 
     2.11.    Employee   means an individual who is in the employ of the Company or any Affiliate and is subject to the control and direction of the employing entity as to both the work to be performed and the manner and method of performance. Persons who have been designated by the Company as independent contractors, temporary employees, consultants or advisors shall not be  

eligible to participate in this Plan, regardless of whether such designation is upheld in any legal or administrative proceeding.  
   2.12.    Fiscal Year   means the fiscal year of the Company.    
     2.13.    Participant     means as to any Performance Period, an Employee who has been selected by the Committee for participation in the Plan for that Performance Period.  
   2.14.    Performance Period   means any Fiscal Year or such other period (shorter or longer), as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
     2.15.    Plan     means the amended and restated NetApp, Inc. Executive Compensation Plan, as set forth in this instrument and as hereafter amended from time to time.  
 2.16.    Retirement   means, with respect to any Participant, a Termination of Employment after attaining at least age 65. 
   2.17.    Target Award   means the target award payable under the Plan to a Participant for the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 3.2. 
 2.18.    Termination of Employment   means a cessation of the employee-employer relationship between an Employee and the Company or an Affiliate for any reason, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, Disability, Retirement, or the disaffiliation of an Affiliate, but excluding any such termination where there is a simultaneous reemployment by the Company or an Affiliate. 

3.1.   Selection of Participants.  The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall select the Employees who shall be Participants for any Performance Period (provided such Participants comply with the provisions of Sections 3.1.1. through 3.1.2 below). Participation in the Plan is in the sole discretion of the Committee, and on a Performance Period by Performance Period basis. Accordingly, an Employee who is a Participant for a given Performance Period in no way is guaranteed or assured of being selected for participation in any subsequent Performance Period. 
 3.1.1.  The Participant is an Employee. 
 3.1.2.  The Participant is employed by the Company in a position that is not eligible for participation in a Company sales, sales incentive or sales commission plan or program. 
   3.2.   Determination of Target Awards.  The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall establish a Target Award for each Participant. The Company reserves full discretion to determine the number and the amounts of Target Awards to be made under this Plan. The Company may decide to make awards based on position level or any one or more other factors, including but not limited to  

Participants  performance rating, in whole or in part, or the amount of Base Pay received by a Participant.  
 3.3.   Bonus Pool.  Each Performance Period, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may establish a Bonus Pool, which pool may be established before, during or after the applicable Performance Period. Actual Awards will be paid from the Bonus Pool.   
   3.4.   Discretion to Modify Awards   .  Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee may, in its sole discretion and at any time, (i) increase, reduce or eliminate a Participant s Actual Award, (ii) determine what Actual Award, if any, shall be paid in the event of a Termination of Employment  as the result of a Participant s death or disability or upon a Change of Control or in the event of a Termination of Employment for any reason following a Change of Control prior to the end of the Performance Period, (iii) determine what Actual Award, if any, will be paid in the event of a Termination of Employment other than as the result of a Participant s death or disability prior to a Change of Control and prior to the end of the Performance Period to the extent an Actual Award would have otherwise been achieved had the Participant remained employed through  the end of the Performance Period, and/or (iv) increase, reduce or eliminate the amount allocated to the Bonus Pool.  The Actual Award may be below, at or above the Target Award, in the Committee s discretion.  The Committee may determine the amount of any increase, reduction or elimination on the basis of such factors as it deems relevant, and will not be required to establish any allocation or weighting with respect to the factors it considers.   
   3.5.   Discretion to Determine Criteria .  Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, will determine the performance goals (if any) applicable to any Target Award (or portion thereof) which may include, without limitation, goals related to (i)   earnings per share  of the Company s common stock , (ii) operating cash flow, (iii) operating income, (iv) operating profit, (v) profit after tax, (vi) profit before tax, (vii) return on assets, (viii) return on equity, (ix) return on sales, (x) revenue, (xi) total shareholder return and (xii) individual objectives such as peer reviews or other subjective or objective criteria. As determined by the Committee, the performance goals may be based on  generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )  or non-GAAP results and any actual results may be adjusted by the Committee for one-time items or unbudgeted or unexpected items and/or payments of Actual Awards under the Plan when determining whether the performance goals have been met.  The goals may be on the basis of any factors the Committee determines  relevant, and may be on an individual, portfolio, project, business unit, or Company-wide basis.  Any criteria used may be measured on such basis as the Committee determines, including but not limited to, as applicable, (A) in absolute terms, (B) in combination with another performance goal or goals (for example, but not by way of limitation, as a ratio or matrix), (C) in relative terms (including, but not limited to, results for other periods, passage of time and/or against another company or companies or an index or indices), (D) on a per-share basis, (E) against the performance of the Company as a whole or a segment of the Company and/or (F) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis.  The performance goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from award to award.  Failure to meet the goals will result in a failure to earn the Target Award, except as provided in Section 3.4.  The Committee also may determine that a Target Award (or  

portion thereof) will not have a performance   goal associated with it but instead will be granted (if at all) in the sole discretion of the Committee  .  

4.   
 
 PAYMENT OF AWARDS    

 4.1.   Payment of Actual Awards.  No special fund shall be established, and no segregation of assets shall be made, to assure payment of any Actual Awards under this Plan. Any Actual Awards paid under this Plan shall be made in cash. 
 4.2.   Timing of Actual Awards.  Payment of each Actual Award shall be made as soon as administratively practicable, but no later than the fifteenth day of the third month of the Fiscal Year following  the date the Participant s Actual Award has been earned and is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture ; provided that the Committee may permit Participants to elect to defer payment of their Actual Awards in a manner satisfying the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 It is the intent that this Plan comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the payments to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. 
 4.3.   Payment in the Event of Death.  If a Participant dies prior to the payment of an Actual Award earned by him or her prior to death for a prior Performance Period, the Actual Award shall be paid to his or her estate. 
 4.4.   Deductions from Actual Awards.  Any Actual Award paid under this Plan is subject to the following: (i) tax withholdings, (ii) such other withholdings authorized in writing by the Plan Participant, and (iii) withholdings required by wage garnishment or other court or government orders received by the Company. 

5.   
 
 ADMINISTRATION    

 5.1.   Committee is the Administrator.  The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall consist of not less than two members of the Board. The members of the Committee shall be appointed from time to time by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board. 
 5.2.   Committee Authority.  It shall be the duty of the Committee to administer the Plan in accordance with the Plan s provisions. The Committee shall have all powers and discretion necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and to control its operation, including, but not limited to, the power to (i) determine which Employees shall be granted awards, (ii) prescribe the terms and conditions of awards, (iii) interpret the Plan and awards, (iv) adopt such procedures and subplans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside of the United States, (v) adopt rules for the administration, interpretation, and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith, and (vi) interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. 

5.3.    Decisions Binding.   All determinations and decisions made by the Committee, the Board, and any delegate of the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all persons, and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law.  
 5.4.   Delegation by the Committee.  The Committee, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it may provide, may delegate all or part of its authority and powers under the Plan to one or more directors and/or officers of the Company.   
 5.5.   Indemnification .  Each person who is or shall have been a member of the Committee, or of the Board, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (a) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any award, and (b) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company's approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf.  The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 

6.   
 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS    

 6.1.   No Effect on Employment.  Neither this Plan, nor any term, condition or provision of this Plan is intended to create any entitlement of any employee of the Company to any award or other benefit under this Plan, or in lieu of an award or benefit under this Plan.  For purposes of the Plan, transfer of employment of a Participant between the Company and any one of its Affiliates (or between Affiliates) shall not be deemed a Termination of Employment. 
 6.1.1.  Neither this Plan, nor any term, condition or provision of this Plan is intended to terminate or change any right or obligation existing under a non-disclosure/confidential/proprietary/trade secrets information and inventions assignment agreement between any individual and the Company. 
 6.1.2.  Actual Awards made under this Plan are not considered for the purpose of calculating any extra benefits; any termination, severance, redundancy, or end-of-service premium payments; other bonuses or long-service awards; overtime premiums; pension or retirement benefits; or future Base Pay or any other payment to be made by the Company to a Participant or former Participant. 
   6.1.3.  Neither this Plan, nor any term, condition or provision of this Plan is intended to alter the at-will nature of employment with the Company. All employment with the Company is for an indefinite period of time and may be terminated by the employee or the Company at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. The at-will nature of employment with the Company can only be changed by an individualized, express written agreement signed by the President of NetApp, Inc.  

and by the Participant.    The Company expressly reserves the right, which may be exercised at any time and without regard to when during a Performance Period such exercise occurs, to terminate any individual s employment with or without cause, and to treat him or her without regard to the effect which such treatment might have upon him or her as a Participant.  
 6.2.   Severability   Conformance to Applicable Law.  If any one or more terms, conditions or provision of this Plan is contrary to applicable law, this Plan shall be interpreted to exclude any such term, condition or provision and the remainder of this Plan shall remain in full force and effect as if such term, condition or provision was never contained herein.  
 6.3.   Applicable Law.  This Plan and all awards shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California, but without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 
 6.4.   Amendment, Suspension or Termination.  The Board or Committee, in its sole discretion, may amend or terminate the Plan, or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason. The amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall not, without the consent of the Participant, alter or impair any rights or obligations under any Target Award theretofore granted to such Participant. No award may be granted during any period of suspension or after termination of the Plan. 
 6.5.   Duration of the Plan.  The Plan shall commence on the date specified herein, and subject to Section 6.4 (regarding the Board s and Committee s right to amend or terminate the Plan), shall remain in effect. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ntap-ex102_60.htm
 EX-10.2

ntap-ex102_60.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 NETAPP, INC.    RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (PERFORMANCE-BASED)  
 NetApp, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby grants you, (the  Participant ), an award of restricted stock units ( Restricted Stock Units ) under the NetApp, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ). Subject to the provisions of Appendix A and Appendix B (both attached) and of the Plan, the principal features of this award are as follows: 
  Participant:  
  FIRST_NAME   MIDDLE_NAME   LAST_NAME  
  ADDRESS_LINE_1  
  ADDRESS_LINE_2  
  CITY ,  STATE   ZIP_CODE  
  COUNTRY  
  Grant Date:   GRANT_DATE  
  Grant Number :  NUM  
  Target Number of Restricted Stock Units :  SHARES  (the  Target Number of Restricted Stock Units ) 1    
  Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units :  SHARES  (the  Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units ) 2    
  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units : The Restricted Stock Units will vest according to the following schedule:  
 General 
 The number of Restricted Stock Units that will become eligible for vesting as set forth below will depend upon the Company s Total Stockholder Return (as defined below) as compared to the Benchmark Peers Total Stockholder Return (as defined below) for the Performance Period (as defined below) and will be determined in accordance with this Agreement.   
 The  Performance Period  will begin on the first day of the Company s [__] fiscal year (the  Commencement Date ) and end on the last day of the Company s [__] fiscal year (the  Anniversary Date ).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control, or in the event Participant s continuous Service is terminated due to Participant s death or Permanent Disability (a  Qualifying Termination ), the Performance Period will be deemed to end upon the first to occur of the consummation of the Change in Control (the  Closing ) or the date of the Qualifying Termination for purposes of calculating the Company s Total Stockholder Return and the Benchmark Peers Total Stockholder Return.  The first to occur of the Anniversary Date, the Closing, or a Qualifying Termination, is referred to herein as the  Period End Date.  

1     
 
  This should be 50% of the  total  Target Number of Restricted Stock Units    

2     
 
   This should be 200% of the above Target Number of Restricted Stock Units     

1  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    If Participant s continuous Service terminates prior to the Period End Date due to his or her Retirement, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will remain outstanding through the Period End Date and the number of Restricted Stock Units that become Eligible Restricted Stock Units (as defined below) will be measured as if Participant s continuous Service had not terminated.  
 If Participant s continuous Service terminates prior to the Period End Date for any reason (other than as a result of a Qualifying Termination or due to Participant s Retirement), the Restricted Stock Units will terminate and be cancelled and Participant will have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Stock Units.  Any Restricted Stock Units that do not become Eligible Restricted Stock Units as of the Period End Date will terminate and be cancelled and Participant will have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Stock Units.   
 Lastly, vesting is subject to Participant s continuous Service through the applicable vesting date, subject to the vesting acceleration provisions set forth below. 
 For purposes of this Agreement,  Retirement  will mean the voluntary termination of employment by the Participant either (a) on or after reaching 62 years of age or (b) on or after reaching 55 years of age following a minimum of ten (10) years of continuous service to the Company or its Subsidiaries. 
 Performance Matrix 
 The number of Restricted Stock Units that become eligible to vest (the  Eligible Restricted Stock Units ) will depend upon the Company s Total Stockholder Return as compared to the Benchmark Peers Total Stockholder Return calculated as of the Period End Date as described herein.   The number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the  Compensation Committee ) in its sole discretion within forty-five (45) days of the Period End Date. 
 The  Company s Total Stockholder Return  means the annualized percentage increase or decrease in (A) the average adjusted closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the Period End Date as compared to (B) the average adjusted closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the Commencement Date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control, the  Company s Total Stockholder Return  means the annualized percentage increase or decrease in (A) the per share value of the Company s Common Stock payable to its stockholders in connection with the Change in Control as compared to (B) the average adjusted closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the Commencement Date. 
 The  Benchmark Peers Total Stockholder Return  means the median annualized percentage increase or decrease of (A) the average adjusted closing price per share of each company listed on Exhibit 2 (the  Benchmark Peers ) as of the Commencement Date excluding the Company during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the Period End Date as compared to (B) the average adjusted closing price per share of each company listed in the Benchmark Peers during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the Commencement Date. 
 Please see Exhibit 1 for additional details on how to calculate Total Stockholder Return. 
 Please see Exhibit 2 for (i) a complete listing of the Benchmark Peers as of the Commencement Date, and (ii) information relating to changes to companies listed in the Benchmark Peers during the Performance Period.  
 2  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    The Company s Total Stockholder Return will be compared against the   Benchmark Peers   Total Stockholder Return (each expressed as a growth rate percentage) to result in a growth rate (the  Growth Rate Delta ) equal to the Company s Total Stockholder Return minus the   Benchmark Peers   Total Stockholder Return.  The Growth Rate Delta will be calculated as of the Period End Date.  
 Eligible Restricted Stock Unit Calculations: 

* The number of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that will become Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be interpolated on a linear basis between levels 1   3.  The Growth Rate Delta will be rounded to the nearest whole number.  The Percentage of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that become Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be rounded to the nearest hundredth. 
 Please see Exhibit 3 for additional details. 
 ** Any partial shares of Common Stock will be rounded down to the nearest whole share and any fractional shares will be forfeited for no consideration. 
 In no event may more than 100% of the Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units be Eligible Restricted Stock Units. 
 Vesting 
 Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest in accordance with the following schedule, subject to Participant s continuous Service through the applicable vesting date: 100% of the Eligible Restricted Stock Units will vest on the Anniversary Date (subject to the following three paragraphs).  In the event Participant s continuous Service terminates for any or no reason before the Anniversary Date, the Eligible Restricted Stock Units and Participant s right to acquire shares of Common Stock thereunder will immediately terminate and such Eligible Restricted Stock Units will immediately be forfeited and cancelled (subject to the following three paragraphs). 
 Qualifying Termination 
   In the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs prior to the Anniversary Date, the number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units that will vest on the new Period End Date will be pro-rated by multiplying the calculated number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units by a fraction with a numerator equal to (i) the number of completed calendar months that have elapsed between the Commencement Date and the  
 3 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
  Period End Date and a denominator equal to thirty-six (36) and any remaining Eligible Restricted Stock Units will immediately be forfeited and cancelled.  
 Retirement 
 If Participant s continuous Service terminates due to his or her Retirement, the number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units that will vest on the Anniversary Date (or if earlier, upon a Closing) will be pro-rated by multiplying the calculated number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units by a fraction with a numerator equal to (i) the number of completed calendar months that have elapsed between the Commencement Date and the date Participant s continuous Service is terminated due to his or her Retirement and a denominator equal to thirty-six (36) and any remaining Eligible Restricted Stock Units will immediately be forfeited and cancelled.   
 Change in Control / Involuntary Termination 
 In the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to the Anniversary Date, the Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest as to 100% of the Eligible Restricted Stock Units on the Anniversary Date, subject to Participant s continuous Service through such date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of an Involuntary Termination on or following a Change in Control, 100% of the Eligible Restricted Stock Units will vest on the termination date. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, an  Involuntary Termination  means that Participant is terminated as a result of either (i) a termination of Participant s employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in Participant s Change of Control Severance Agreement with the Company (the  Severance Agreement )) or (ii) Participant resigns from such employment for Good Reason (as defined in the Severance Agreement). 
 For purposes of clarification, the acceleration set forth in this Agreement is meant to be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any acceleration provisions set forth in the Severance Agreement. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein or in Appendix A or Appendix B, capitalized terms herein or in Appendix A or Appendix B will have the defined meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that by signature below of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement which includes Appendix A and Appendix B hereto (the  Agreement ) will result in a contract between Participant and the Company with respect to this award of Restricted Stock Units. Participant agrees and acknowledges that this signature indicates Participant s agreement and understanding that this award of Restricted Stock Units is subject to all of the terms and conditions contained in Appendix A and Appendix B and the Plan. For example, important additional information on vesting and forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units is contained in Paragraphs 3 through 7 of Appendix A. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF APPENDIX A AND APPENDIX B (FOR THE PARTICULAR COUNTRY THAT APPLIES TO PARTICIPANT), WHICH CONTAINS THE SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 Participant should retain a copy of this Agreement. A copy of the Plan is available at  http://fo.netapp.com/corporate-controller/stock/  and is available per request to Stock Administration. 
 I have read and accept this agreement. 

4  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 

Signature:________________________   
 
      _______________           Name of Participant      Date     

5  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    APPENDIX A  
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Grant # %%OPTION_NUMBER%-% 

1.   
 
  Grant.  The Company hereby grants to the Participant under the Plan an award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan.    

2.   
 
  Company s Obligation to Pay.  Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a share of Common Stock (or a cash amount equal to the value of a share on the date it becomes vested if the Company elects to settle the Restricted Stock Unit in cash) on the date it becomes vested. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 3 and 4, the Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.     

3.   
 
  Vesting Schedule.  Subject to Section 4, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Agreement will vest according to the vesting schedule set forth on the attached Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, subject to the Participant s continuous Service through each such date. For purposes of clarification, Service shall include any notice of termination period (e.g., garden leave, etc.) during which the Participant is not providing active Service to the Company or one of its affiliates.    

4.   
 
  Forfeiture upon Termination of Continuous Service.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, if the Participant s continuous Service terminates for any or no reason, the then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and the Participant will have no further rights thereunder.    

5.   
 
    Payment after Vesting.   Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with Section 3 will be paid to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, to his or her estate) in whole shares of Common Stock, provided that to the extent determined appropriate by the Company, any federal, state, foreign and local withholding taxes (including but not limited to income tax, payment on account and social insurance contributions) with respect to such Restricted Stock Units will be paid by reducing the number of shares actually paid to the Participant (see Section 7).   Subject to the provisions of Sections 2 and 5(b), vested   Restricted Stock   Units will be paid in whole shares of Common Stock as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case no later than the date that is two-and-one-half (2  ) months from the later of (i) the end of the Company s tax year that includes the vesting date, or (ii) the end of Participant s tax year that includes the vesting date.     

a.   
 
    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the   Restricted Stock   Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination of continuous Service (provided that such termination is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A to the extent Section 409A is applicable, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination of continuous Service and (y) the payment of such accelerated   Restricted Stock   Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s termination of      

 6 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 

continuous Service, then the payment of such accelerated   Restricted Stock   Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination of continuous Service, unless Participant dies following his or her termination, in which case, the   Restricted Stock   Units will be paid in shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 6 as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the   Restricted Stock   Units provided under this Agreement or shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. For purposes of this Agreement,  Section 409A  means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.     

6.   
 
  Payments after Death.  Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if the Participant is then deceased, be made to the Participant s designated beneficiary or in accordance with applicable local laws, or if no beneficiary survives the Participant, administrator or executor of the Participant s estate or other party entitled to the rights under applicable local laws. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.    

7.   
 
  Withholding of Taxes . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no Shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Plan Administrator) will have been made by the Participant with respect to the payment of income (including federal, state, foreign and local taxes), employment, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account and other taxes which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such shares so issuable (the  Withholding Taxes ). Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Withholding Taxes legally due by the Participant is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company and/or the Participant s actual employer (the  Employer ) (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Withholding Taxes in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting of Restricted Stock Units, the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Common Stock or the receipt of an equivalent cash payment, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Withholding Taxes.    

 To satisfy the Withholding Taxes, the Company may withhold otherwise deliverable shares of Common Stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units, according to the vesting schedule, having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld for the payment of the Withholding Taxes, or, if permitted by the Administrator in its sole discretion, such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, and both pursuant to such procedures as the Plan Administrator may specify from time to time. The Company will not retain fractional shares of Common Stock to satisfy any portion of the Withholding Taxes. If shares of Common Stock equal to the minimum amount are being withheld, and the Plan Administrator determines that the withholding of whole shares of Common Stock results in an over-withholding to meet the minimum tax withholding requirements, a reimbursement will be made to the Participant as soon as administratively possible. 
   If the Company does not withhold in shares of Common Stock as described above, prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units or the receipt of an equivalent cash  
 7 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
  payment, the Participant shall pay, or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or to the Employer (in their sole discretion) to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company or the Employer to withhold all applicable Withholding Taxes legally payable by the Participant from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company or the Employer or from any equivalent cash payment received upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may allow Participant to satisfy the Withholding Taxes payable by the Participant, by providing irrevocable instructions to a Company-designated broker to sell a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant having a Fair Market Value equal to the Withholding Taxes, provided that such sale does not violate Company policy or Applicable Laws.  
 If the Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of the Withholding Taxes hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Section 3, the Participant will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable with respect thereto, and the Restricted Stock Units will not be issued to Participant.  

8.   
 
  Rights as Stockholder . Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any shares of Common Stock deliverable hereunder (if any) unless and until certificates representing such shares are issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Participant.    

9.   
 
  No Effect on Service.  The Participant s service with the Company and its Subsidiaries is on an at will basis only unless contrary to the terms of an employment agreement or applicable local law. Accordingly, the terms of the Participant s service with the Company and its Subsidiaries will be determined from time to time by the Company or the Subsidiary employing or retaining the Participant (as the case may be), and the Company or the Subsidiary, as applicable, will have the right, which is hereby expressly reserved, to terminate or change the terms of the employment or service of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause subject to the terms of the Participant s employment agreement or applicable local law.    

10.   
 
  Address for Notices.  Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company at 1395 Crossman Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, Attn: Stock Administration, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.    

11.   
 
  Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.    

12.   
 
  Leave of Absence . The vesting of Restricted Stock Units will not be suspended and will continue in accordance with the vesting schedule under this Agreement during Participant s authorized leave of absence from the Corporation, or the Parent or Subsidiary employing Participant, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement and the Plan.    

 8  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 

13.   
 
        Binding Agreement  . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.     

14.   
 
  Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company determines, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares of Common Stock upon any securities exchange or under any state, foreign or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of shares to the Participant (or his or her estate), such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of the payment of any shares will violate federal or foreign securities laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of shares will no longer cause such violation (to the extent such deferral is not in violation of such laws). The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state, foreign or federal law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority.     

15.   
 
  Plan Governs . This Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern.    

16.   
 
  Administrator Authority . The Plan Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Plan Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Plan Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.    

17.   
 
  Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.    

18.   
 
  Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.    

19.   
 
    Labor Law . By accepting this award of Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges that: (a) the grant of this award of Restricted Stock Units is a one-time benefit which does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units; (b) all determinations with respect to any future grants, including, but not limited to, the times when the Restricted Stock Units shall be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to each award of Restricted Stock Units, the time or times when Restricted Stock Units shall vest, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; (c) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary; (d) this award of Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item of compensation which is outside the scope of the Participant s employment contract, if any; (e) this award of Restricted Stock Units is not part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments; (f) the vesting of this award of Restricted Stock Units ceases upon termination of Service for any reason     

 9 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 

except as may otherwise be explicitly provided in the Plan or this Agreement; (g) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; (h) this award of Restricted Stock Units has been granted to the Participant in the Participant s status as an Employee, a non-employee member of the Board or a consultant or independent advisor of the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary; (i) any claims resulting from this award of Restricted Stock Units shall be enforceable, if at all, against the Company; (j) in consideration of the grant of this award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the award or diminution in value of the award or any of the shares issuable under the award from termination of Participant s Service by the Company or Employer, as applicable (and for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of contract or local labor laws), and Participant irrevocably releases his or her Employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing this Agreement, Participant shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim; and (k) in the event that Employer is not the Company, the grant of the award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company and, furthermore, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with the Employer or any Subsidiary.     

20.   
 
  Disclosure of Participant Information.      

a.   
 
  Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, Participant s employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan.     

b.   
 
    For Participants outside the U.S., Participant understands that Participant s employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, hold certain personal information about Participant regarding Participant s employment, the nature and amount of Participant s compensation and the fact and conditions of Participant s participation in the Plan, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, health, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company and its Subsidiaries, details of all options, awards or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (the  Data ). Participant understands that the Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Participant s country, or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting Participant s local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such      

 10 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 

Data as may be required to a broker or other third party. Participant understands that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Participant may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing Participant s local human resources representative. Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.     

21.   
 
 Governing Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without resort to that State s conflict-of-laws rules.    

22.   
 
  Imposition of Other Requirements.  The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with any applicable law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. Participant agrees to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Participant acknowledges that the laws of the country in which Participant is working at the time of grant, vesting or the sale of shares of Common Stock received  pursuant to this award (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that Participant is and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill.    

23.   
 
  Translations.  If Participant has received this Agreement or any other document or communication related to the Plan or this grant in a language other than English and the meaning in the translation is different than in the English version, the terms expressed in the English version will govern.     

24.   
 
  Appendix B.  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Agreement (the  Appendix B ) for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix B, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix B constitutes part of this Agreement.    

11  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    APPENDIX B  
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
 NETAPP, INC.  
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix B includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units granted to you under the Plan if you reside in one of the countries listed below. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of August 2013. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that the Restricted Stock Units vest or you sell shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you.  
 ARGENTINA 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  Neither the Restricted Stock Units nor the issuance of the shares are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority.  
 Exchange Control Information.  In the event that you transfer proceeds in excess of US$2,000,000 from the sale of shares into Argentina in a single month, you will be subject to certain exchange control laws. Please note that exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to frequent change. You should consult with your personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that you may have.  

12  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    AUSTRALIA  
 Terms and Conditions 
 Australian Addendum.  You understand and agree that the Restricted Stock Units are offered subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Australian Addendum to the Plan. You further agree to be bound by the terms of the Plan as supplemented for implementation in Australia by the Australian Addendum and the terms of the Restricted Stock Unit as set forth in the Agreement.  
 AUSTRIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you hold shares obtained through the Plan outside of Austria, you must submit a report to the Austrian National Bank. An exemption applies if the value of the shares as of any given quarter does not exceed  30,000,000 or as of December 31 does not exceed  5,000,000. If the former threshold is exceeded, quarterly obligations are imposed, whereas if the latter threshold is exceeded, annual reports must be given. The annual reporting date is as of December 31 and the deadline for filing the annual report is March 31 of the following year.  
 When shares are sold, there may be exchange control obligations if the cash received is held outside Austria. If the transaction volume of all your accounts abroad exceeds  3,000,000, the movements and balances of all accounts must be reported monthly, as of the last day of the month, on or before the fifteenth day of the following month. 
 Consumer Protection Information.  If the provisions of the Austrian Consumer Protection Act are applicable to the Agreement and the Plan, you may be entitled to revoke your acceptance of the Agreement under the conditions listed below:  

i.   
 
 if you accept the Restricted Stock Units outside the business premises of the Company, you may be entitled to revoke your acceptance of the Agreement, provided the revocation is made within one week after you accept the Agreement.    

ii.   
 
 The revocation must be in written form to be valid. It is sufficient if you return the Agreement to the Company or the Company's representative with language which can be understood as your refusal to conclude or honor the Agreement, provided the revocation is sent within the period set forth above.    

 BELGIUM  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 BRAZIL  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil (including shares of Company Common Stock) to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than US$100,000.  
 BULGARIA  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 13  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    CANADA  
 Terms and Conditions 
 Form of Settlement.  Restricted Stock Units granted to employees resident in Canada shall be paid in shares only. In no event shall any of such Restricted Stock Units be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan to the contrary.  
 Authorization of Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information.  This provision supplements Section 20 of the Agreement:  
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company's representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any 
 Parent or Subsidiary and the administrator of the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 French Language Provision.  The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec:  
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  la redaction en anglais de cette convention  ("Agreement"),  ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et procedures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement a la pr sente convention. 
 CHILE 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  Neither the Company nor the shares that may be issued under this award are registered with the Chilean Registry of Securities or under the control of the Chilean Superintendence of Securities.  
 Exchange Control Information.  It is your responsibility to make sure that you comply with exchange control requirements in Chile when the value of your share transaction is in excess of US$10,000.  
 If the Restricted Stock Units are paid in shares and the aggregate value of the shares exceeds US$10,000, you must sign Annex 1 of the Manual of Chapter XII of the Foreign Exchange Regulations and file it directly with the Central Bank within 10 days of the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 You are not required to repatriate funds obtained from the sale of shares acquired pursuant to your grant of Restricted Stock Units. However, if you decide to repatriate such funds, you must do so through the Formal Exchange Market if the amount of the funds exceeds US$10,000. In such case, you must report the payment to a commercial bank or registered foreign exchange office receiving the funds. 
 If your aggregate investments held outside of Chile exceeds US$5,000,000 (including shares acquired under the Plan), you must report the investments annually to the Central Bank. Annex 3.1 of Chapter XII of the Foreign Exchange Regulations must be used to file this report. 
 14  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    Please note that exchange control regulations in Chile are subject to change. You should consult with your personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that you may have prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units.  
 Annual Tax Reporting Obligation.  The Chilean Internal Revenue (the "CIRS") requires all taxpayers to provide information annually regarding: (i) the taxes paid abroad which they will use as a credit against Chilean income taxes, and (ii) the gains/losses from foreign investments. These annual reporting obligations must be complied with by submitting a sworn statement setting forth this information before March 15 of each year. The forms to be used to submit the sworn statement are Tax Form 1853 "Annual Sworn Statement Regarding Credits for Taxes Paid Abroad" and Tax Form 1851 "Annual Sworn Statement Regarding Investments Held Abroad." If you are not a Chilean citizen and have been a resident in Chile for less than three years, you are exempt from the requirement to file Tax Form 1853. These statements must be submitted electronically through the CIRS website at   http://www.sii.cl  .  
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The Participant agrees that Participant must (and that Participant shall) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this award of Restricted Stock Units in such manner and subject to such terms and conditions as the Company or the Employer determines within six (6) months after the Participant s termination of Service, or such other period of time as the Company or the Employer may designate from time to time to comply with applicable legal requirements, including any registration, regulation, requirement or other similar law, statute, rule or regulation promulgated or requested by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) or its local agency (the  Disposition Deadline ).  The Participant hereby authorizes the Company or the Employer and appoints the Company and the Employer as the Participant s attorney-in-fact to sell on the Participant s behalf any shares of Common Stock held by the Participant on or after the Disposition Deadline, without any further action, consent or instruction by the Participant.  The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Participant will be responsible and liable for all the costs associated with any such sale of shares of Common Stock and that neither the Company nor the Employer will be liable to the Participant or any other person or entity for any losses or other liabilities that may result to the Participant as a result of any such sale. 
 Exchange Control Requirements.  You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required to repatriate the cash proceeds from the immediate sale of the shares issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units to China. You further understand that, under local law, such repatriation of your cash proceeds may need to be effectuated through a special exchange control account established by the Company, Parent or Subsidiary or the Employer, and you hereby consent and agree that any proceeds from the sale of any shares issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units you acquire may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to you. If the proceeds from the sale of your shares are converted to local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any exchange conversion rate, and the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions in China. You agree to bear the risk of any exchange conversion rate fluctuation between the date the Restricted Stock Units vest and the date of conversion of the proceeds from the sale of the shares issued upon vesting to local currency. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China.  
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 Notifications 
 15  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    Exchange Control Information.   The Czech National Bank may require you to fulfill certain notification duties in relation to the Restricted Stock Units and the opening and maintenance of a foreign account. However, because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, you should consult your personal legal advisor prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws.  
 DENMARK 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you establish an account holding shares or an account holding cash outside Denmark, you must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. (Please note that these obligations are separate from and in addition to the obligations described below.)  
 Securities/Tax Reporting Information.  If you hold shares acquired under the Plan in a brokerage account with a broker or bank outside Denmark, you are required to inform the Danish Tax Administration about the account. For this purpose, you must file a Form V   (Erklaering V)   with the Danish Tax Administration. The Form V must be signed both by you and by the applicable broker or bank where the account is held. By signing the Form V, the broker or bank undertakes to forward information to the Danish Tax Administration concerning the shares in the account without further request each year. By signing the Form     V, you authorize the Danish Tax Administration to examine the account. A sample of the Form V can be found at the following website:   www.skat.dk  .   
 In addition, if you open a brokerage account (or a deposit account with a U.S. bank) for the purpose of holding cash outside Denmark, you are also required to inform the Danish Tax Administration about this account. To do so, you must also file a Form K ( Erklaering K ) with the Danish Tax Administration. The Form K must be signed both by you and by the applicable broker or bank where the account is held. By signing the Form K, the broker/bank undertakes an obligation, without further request each year, to forward information to the Danish Tax Administration concerning the content of the account. By signing the Form K, you authorize the Danish Tax Administration to examine the account. A sample of Form K can be found at the following website:  www.skat.dk . 
 FINLAND 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
     
 16  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    FRANCE   
 Terms and Conditions 
 Consent to Receive Information in English.  By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you confirm having read and understood the Plan and the Agreement, which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly.  
 En acceptant cette attribution gratuite d'actions, vous confirmez avoir lu et comprenez le Plan et ce Contrat, incluant tous leurs termes et conditions, qui ont  t  transmis en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.    If you hold shares of Common Stock outside of France or maintain a foreign bank account, you are required to report such to the French tax authorities when you file your annual tax return.  
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Cross-border payments in excess of  12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank. If you use a German bank to transfer a cross-border payment in excess of  12,500 in connection with the sale of shares acquired under the Plan, the bank will make the report for you. In addition, you must report any receivables, payables, or debts in foreign currency exceeding an amount of  5,000,000 on a monthly basis.  
 GREECE  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 HONG KONG 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Securities Notification.   Warning: The Restricted Stock Units and shares issued at vesting do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company, its Parent or Subsidiary. The Agreement, including this Appendix B, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a "prospectus" for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong nor have the documents been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary and may not be distributed to any other person. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this Appendix B, or the Plan, you should obtain independent professional advice.    
 Settlement of Restricted Stock Units and Sale of Shares.  In the event your Restricted Stock Units vest and shares are issued to you within six months of the grant date, you agree that you will not dispose of any shares acquired prior to the six-month anniversary of the grant date.  
   
 17  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    Notifications  
 Nature of Scheme.  The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance.  
 HUNGARY 
 No country specific provisions. 
 INDIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You understand that you must repatriate any proceeds from the sale of shares acquired under the Plan to India and convert the proceeds into local currency within 90 days of receipt. You will receive a foreign inward remittance certificate ("FIRC") from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency. You should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation.  
 Tax Information.  The amount subject to tax at vesting will partially be dependent upon a valuation that the Company will obtain from a Merchant Banker in India. The Company has no responsibility or obligation to obtain the most favorable valuation possible nor obtain valuations more frequently than required under Indian tax law.  
 INDONESIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you remit proceeds from the sale of shares into   
 Indonesia, the Indonesian Bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report on the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia for statistical reporting purposes. For transactions of US$10,000 or more, a description of the transaction must be included in the report. Although the bank through which the transaction is made is required to make the report, you must complete a "Transfer Report Form." The Transfer Report Form will be provided to you by the bank through which the transaction is made. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation.  If you are a director, shadow director or secretary of the Company's Irish Subsidiary or affiliate, you must notify the Irish Subsidiary or affiliate in writing within five business days of receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company (e.g., Restricted Stock Units, shares, etc.), or within five business days of becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement or within five days of becoming a director or secretary if such an interest exists at the time. This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or children under the age of 18 (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary).  
 ISRAEL 
 Terms and Conditions 
   Trust Arrangement.  You understand and agree that the Restricted Stock Units are offered subject to and in accordance with the terms of the trust agreement. Specifically, the shares issued upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall be delivered to and controlled by a trustee appointed by the Company or   
 18 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
  its Subsidiary or affiliate in Israel (the "Trustee") for your benefit for at least such period of time as required by Section 102 or any shorter period determined under the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance [New Version] 1961 as now in effect or as hereafter amended (the 'Ordinance') or by the Israeli Tax Authority (the "Lock-Up Period"). The Restricted Stock Units and shares shall be controlled by the Trustee for the benefit of you and the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Income Tax (Tax Abatement on the Grant of Shares to Employees) Regulations 2003 shall apply to such Restricted Stock Units or shares for all purposes. You shall be able, at any time, to request the sale of the shares or the release of the shares from the Trustee, subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement and any applicable law. Without derogating from the aforementioned, if the shares are released by the Trustee during the Lock-Up Period, the sanctions under Section 102 of the Ordinance shall apply to and be borne by you. The Shares shall not be sold or released from the control of the Trustee unless the Company, the Employer and the Trustee are satisfied that the full amount of Withholding Taxes due have been paid or will be paid in relation thereto.  
 ITALY 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Data Privacy Notice.  The following provision replaces Section 20 of the Agreement:  
 Participant understands that the Employer and/or the Company may hold certain personal information about him or her, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, number of shares held and the details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant is aware that providing the Company with the Data is necessary for the performance of this Agreement and that Participant s refusal to provide such Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect his or her ability to participate in the Plan.  
   The Controller of personal data processing is NetApp, Inc., with registered offices at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, USA, and, pursuant to D.lgs 196/2003, its representative in Italy is NetApp Italia Srl. with registered offices at First Floor, Via Battistotti Sassi 11, Milan, Italy 20133. Participant understands that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any transfer required to a broker or other third party with whom Shares acquired pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan may be deposited. Furthermore, the recipients that may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer such Data for the above mentioned purposes may be located in Italy or elsewhere, including outside of the European Union and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Italy. The processing activity, including the transfer of Participant s personal data abroad, outside of the European Union, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, does not require Participant s consent thereto as the processing is necessary for the performance of contractual obligations related to the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that Data processing relating to the purposes above specified shall take place under automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Data are collected and with confidentiality and  
 19 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
  security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to D.lgs. 196/2003.  
 Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is required by law or as necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that pursuant to art.7 of D.lgs 196/2003, he or she has the right, including but not limited to, access, delete, update, request the rectification of his or her personal Data and cease, for legitimate reasons, the Data processing. Furthermore, Participant is aware that his or her Data will not be used for direct marketing purposes.  
 Plan Document Acknowledgment.  In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement and have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix B, in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix B.   
 In addition, you further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve without limitation the following clauses in the Agreement: Section 4 (Forfeiture upon Termination of Continuous Service); Section 7 (Withholding of Taxes); Section 19 (Labor Law); and Section 20 (Disclosure of Participant Information). 
 Notifications 
 Tax/Exchange Control Information.  You are required to report on your annual tax return:   
 (a) any transfers of cash or shares to or from Italy exceeding  10,000 or the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars; (b) any foreign investments or investments (including the shares issued at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, cash or proceeds from the sale of shares acquired under the Plan) held outside of Italy exceeding  10,000 or the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars, if the investment may give rise to income in Italy (this will include reporting the shares issued at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units if the fair market value of such shares combined with other foreign assets exceed  10,000); and (c) the amount of the transfers to and from abroad which have had an impact during the calendar year on your foreign investments or investments held outside of Italy. You are exempt from the formalities in (a) if the investments are made through an authorized broker resident in Italy, as the broker will comply with the reporting obligation on your behalf. 
 JAPAN 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 KAZAKHSTAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Although Kazakh residents are no longer required to obtain a license from the National Bank of Kazakhstan before obtaining securities in foreign companies, you are nevertheless required to notify the National Bank of Kazakhstan when you acquire Shares under the Plan.  
 KOREA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you realize US$500,000 or more from the sale of shares, Korean exchange control laws require you to repatriate the proceeds to Korea within 18 months of the sale.  
 20  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    LUXEMBOURG  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You are required to report any inward remittances of funds to the   Banque Central de Luxembourg   and/or the   Service Central de La Statistique et des Etudes Economiques   within 15 working days following the month during the transaction occurred. If a Luxembourg financial institution is involved in the transaction, it generally will fulfill the reporting obligation on your behalf.  
 MALAYSIA 
 Notifications 
 Malaysian Insider Trading Notification.  You should be aware of the Malaysian insider-trading rules, which may impact your acquisition or disposal of shares or rights to shares under the Plan. Under the Malaysian insider-trading rules, you are prohibited from acquiring or selling shares or rights to shares (  e.g.  , an award under the Plan) when you are in possession of information which is not generally available and which you know or should know will have a material effect on the price of Shares once such information is generally available.  
 Director Notification Obligation.  If you are a director of the Company's Malaysian Subsidiary or affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian Subsidiary or affiliate in writing when you receive or dispose of an interest (e.g., an award under the Plan or shares) in the Company or any related company. Such notifications must be made within 14 days of receiving or disposing of any interest in the Company or any related company.  
 MEXICO 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Modification.  By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you understand and agree that any modification of the Plan or the Agreement or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of employment.  
 Policy Statement.  The award of Restricted Stock Units the Company is making under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend it and discontinue it at any time without any liability.  
 The Company, with registered offices at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, U.S.A., is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and participation in the Plan and the acquisition of shares does not, in any way, establish an employment relationship between you and the Company since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and the sole employer is as applicable, nor does it establish any rights between you and the Employer. 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment.  By accepting the award of Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that you have received copies of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement.  
   In addition, by signing the Agreement, you further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions in the Agreement, in which the following is clearly described and established: (i) participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right; (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis; (iii) participation in  
 21 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
  the Plan is voluntary; and (iv) the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units.  
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages as a result of your participation in the Plan and therefore grant a full and broad release to the Employer, the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliates with respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan. 
  Spanish Translation  
 Modification.  Al aceptar las Unidades de Accion Restringida, usted reconoce y acuerda que cualquier modification del Plan o su terminacion no constituye un cambio o desmejora de los terminos y condiciones de empleo.  
 Declaracion de Politica.  El Otorgarmiento de Unidades de Accion Restringida de la Compa ia en virtud del Plan es unilateral y discrecional y, por lo tanto, la Compa ia se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y discontinuar el mismo en cualquier tiempo, sin responsabilidad alguna.  
 La Compa ia, con oficinas registradas ubicadas en, es la unica responsable de la administraci n del Plan y de la participaci n en el mismo y la adquisici n de Acciones no establece de forma alguna una relaci n de trabajo entre usted y la Compa ia, ya que su participaci n en el Plan es completamente comercial y el unico empleador es en caso de ser aplicable, asi como tampoco establece ningun derecho entre la persona que tenga el derecho a optar y el Empleador. 
 Reconocimiento del Documento del Plan.  Al aceptar el Otorgamiento de las Unidades de Acci n Restringida, usted reconoce que ha recibido copias del Plan, ha revisado el mismo, al igual que la totalidad del Acuerdo y, que ha entendido y aceptado completamente todas las disposiciones contenidas en el Plan y en el Acuerdo.  
 Adicionalmente, al firmar el Acuerdo, reconoce que ha leido, y que aprueba especifica y expresamente los t rminos y condiciones contenidos en la Renuncia de Derecho o Reclamo por Compensaci n del Acuerdo, en el cual se encuentra claramente descrito y establecido lo siguiente: (i) la participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido; (ii) el plan y la participaci n en el mismo es ofrecida por la Compa ia de forma enteramente discrecional; (iii) la participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria; y (iv) la Compa ia, asi como su Sociedad controlante, Subsidiaria o Filiales no son responsables por cualquier disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones en relaci n a las Unidades de Acci n Restringida. 
 Finalmente, declara que no se reserva ninguna  acci n  o derecho para interponer una demanda en contra de la Compa ia por compensaci n, dano o perjuicio alguno como resultado de su participaci n en el Plan y, en consecuencia, otorga el m s amplio finiquito al Empleador, asi como a la Compa ia, a su Sociedad controlante, Subsidiaria o Filiales con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera originarse en virtud del Plan. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 Notifications 
 Insider-Trading Notification.  You should be aware of the Dutch insider-trading rules, which may impact the sale of shares issued to you at vesting and settlement of the award. In particular, you may be prohibited from effectuating certain transactions involving shares if you have inside information about the Company. If you are uncertain whether the insider-trading rules apply to you, you should consult your personal legal advisor.  
 22  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    NEW ZEALAND  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 NIGERIA 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 NORWAY  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 PHILIPPINES 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notice.  You acknowledge that you are permitted to sell shares acquired under the Plan through the designated Plan broker appointed by the Company (or such other broker to whom you may transfer the Shares), provided that such sale takes place outside of the Philippines through the facilities of the NASDAQ Global Select Market on which the shares are listed.  
 POLAND 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you hold foreign securities (including shares) and maintain accounts abroad, you may be required to file certain reports with the National Bank of Poland. Specifically, if the value of securities and cash held in such foreign accounts exceeds  15,000, you must file reports on the transactions and balances of the accounts on a quarterly basis by the 20th day of the month following the end of each quarter and an annual report by no later than January 30 of the following calendar year. Such reports are filed on special forms available on the website of the National Bank of Poland.  
 PORTUGAL 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you receive shares upon vesting, the acquisition of the shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the shares are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on your behalf. If the shares are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, you are responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal.  
 ROMANIA  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you deposit the proceeds from the sale of shares issued to you at vesting in a bank account in Romania, you may be required to provide the Romanian bank with appropriate documentation explaining the source of the  funds. You should consult your personal advisor to determine whether you will be required to submit such documentation to the Romanian bank.  
     
 23  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    RUSSIA  
 Terms and Conditions 
 U.S. Transaction.  You understand that the Restricted Stock Units shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is electronically received by the Company in the United States. Upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, any shares to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. You are not permitted to sell the shares directly to other Russian legal entities or individuals.  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Under current exchange control regulations, within a reasonably short time after sale of the shares acquired under the Plans, you must repatriate the sale proceeds to Russia. Such sale proceeds must be initially credited to you through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the sale proceeds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws.  
 You are encouraged to contact your personal advisor before remitting your sale proceeds to Russia as exchange control requirements may change. 
 Securities Law Notification.  This Appendix B, the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials that you may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. Absent any requirement under local law, the issuance of securities pursuant to the Plan has not and will not be registered in Russia; hence, the securities described in any Plan-related documents may not be used for offering or public circulation in Russia.  
 SAUDI ARABIA 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  The Agreement may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority.  
 The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the Agreement, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of the Agreement. You are hereby advised to conduct your own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Shares. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  The award of Restricted Stock Units is being made in reliance on section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) ("SFA") pursuant to which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements under the SFA.  
   
 24  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    Director Notification Obligation.   If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of the Company's Singapore Subsidiary or affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Company's Singapore Subsidiary or affiliate in writing when you receive an interest (  e.g  , Restricted Stock Units or shares) in the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate. In addition, you must notify the Company's Singapore Subsidiary or affiliate when you sell shares or shares of any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate (including when you sell shares issued upon vesting and settlement of the award). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate. In addition, a notification of your interests in the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate must be made within two days of becoming a director.  
 SLOVENIA  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Taxes.  By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you agree that, immediately upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you will notify the Employer of the amount of any gain realized. If you fail to advise the Employer of the gain realized upon vesting and settlement, you may be liable for a fine. You will be solely responsible for paying any difference between the actual tax liability and the amount withheld by the Employer.  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Because no transfer of funds from South Africa is required under the awards, no filing or reporting requirements should apply when the award is granted or when Shares are issued upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. However, because the exchange control regulations are subject to change, you should consult your personal advisor prior to vesting and settlement of the award to ensure compliance with current regulations. You are responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in South Africa.  
 SPAIN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 No Entitlement for Claims or Compensation.  The following provision supplements   
 Section 19 of the Agreement: 
   By accepting the award, you consent to participation in the Plan, and acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan document. You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to make awards of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to individuals who may be Consultants, Directors, Employees and Non-Employee Directors throughout the world. The decision is limited and entered into based upon the express assumption and condition that any Restricted Stock Units will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, including the Employer, on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, you understand that the award is given on the assumption and condition that the Restricted Stock Units shall not become part of any employment contract (whether with the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate, including the Employer) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Furthermore, you understand and  
 25 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
  freely accept that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoever shall arise from the award, which is gratuitous and discretionary, since the future value of the Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares is unknown and unpredictable. You also understand that this award would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions set forth hereinabove; thus, you understand, acknowledge and freely accept that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the award, the Restricted Stock Units and any right to the underlying shares shall be null and void.  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You must declare the acquisition of Shares to the   Direcci n General de Politica Comercial e Inversiones Exteriores   ("DGPCIE") of the   Ministerio de Economia   for statistical purposes. You must also declare the ownership of any shares with the Directorate of Foreign Transactions each January while the shares are owned. In addition, you wish to import the share certificates into Spain, you must declare the importation of such securities to the DGPCIE.  
 When receiving foreign currency payments derived from the ownership of Shares (i.e., dividends or sale proceeds), you must inform the financial institution receiving the payment of the basis upon which such payment is made. You will need to provide the following information: (i) your name, address, and fiscal identification number; (ii) the name and corporate domicile of the Company; (iii) the amount of the payment and the currency used; (iv) the country of origin; (v) the reasons for the payment; and (vi) further information that may be required. 
 Tax Information.  Effective October 2012, if you hold assets or rights outside of Spain (including shares acquired under the Plan), you may have to file an informational tax report with the tax authorities declaring such ownership. Generally, if the value of your foreign investments exceeds  50,000, you may have to file this informational return. Please note that reporting requirements are based on what you have previously disclosed and the increase in value of such and the total value of certain groups of foreign assets. Also, the thresholds for annual filing requirements may change each year Therefore, you should consult your personal advisor regarding whether you will be required to file an informational tax report for asset and rights that you hold abroad.  
 SWEDEN 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notification  The award is considered a private offering in Switzerland; therefore, it is not subject to registration in Switzerland.  
 TAIWAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of shares) into and out of Taiwan up to US$5,000,000 per year. If the transaction amount is TWD$500,000 or more in a single transaction, you must submit a foreign exchange transaction form and also provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank.  
 26  
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
    If the transaction amount is US$500,000 or more, you may be required to provide additional supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. Please consult your personal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable exchange control laws in Taiwan.  
 THAILAND 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  When you sell shares issued to you at vesting, you must repatriate all cash proceeds to Thailand and then convert such proceeds to Thai Baht within 360 days of repatriation. If the amount of your proceeds is US$20,000 or more, you must specifically report the inward remittance to the Bank of Thailand on a foreign exchange transaction form. If you fail to comply with these obligations, you may be subject to penalties assessed by the Bank of Thailand. You should consult your personal advisor before taking action with respect to remittance of proceeds from the sale of Shares into Thailand. You are responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in Thailand.  
 TURKEY  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 UNITED KINGDOM  
 Terms and Conditions 
 Joint Election.  As a condition of participation in the Plan, you agree to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 NICs which may be payable by the Company and/or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you in connection with the Restricted Stock Units and any event giving rise to Tax-Related Items (the  Employer s NICs ). Without limitation to the foregoing, you agree to enter into a joint election with the Company (the  Joint Election ), the form of such Joint Election being formally approved by HMRC, and to execute any other consents or elections required to accomplish the transfer of the Employer s NICs to you. You further agree to execute such other joint elections as may be required between you and any successor to the Company and/or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you. You further agree that the Company and/or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you may collect Employer s NICs from you by any of the means set forth in Section 7 of the Agreement.  
 If you do not enter into a Joint Election, if approval of the Joint Election has been withdrawn by HMRC or if such Joint Election is jointly revoked by you and the Company or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you, as applicable, the Company, in its sole discretion and without any liability to you, may choose not to issue or deliver any shares of Common Stock to you at vesting and you will forfeit your Restricted Stock Units. 
 Tax and National Insurance Contributions Acknowledgment.  The following provisions supplement Section 7 of the Agreement:  
   You agree that if you do not pay or the Employer or the Company does not withhold from you the full amount of Withholding Taxes that you owe due to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, or the release or assignment of the Restricted Stock Units for consideration, or the receipt of any other benefit in connection with the Restricted Stock Units (the "Taxable Event") within 90 days after the Taxable Event, or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act  
 27 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 
  2003, then the amount that should have been withheld shall constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective 90 days after the Taxable Event. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the HMRC's official rate and will be immediately due and repayable by you, and the Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by withholding the funds from salary, bonus or any other funds due to you by the Employer, by withholding in Shares issued upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or from the cash proceeds from the sale of Shares or by demanding cash or a cheque from you. You also authorize the Company to delay the issuance of any Shares to you unless and until the loan is repaid in full.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are an officer or executive director (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that you are an officer or executive director and Withholding Taxes are not collected from or paid by you within 90 days of the Taxable Event, the amount of any uncollected Withholding Taxes may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that the Company or the Employer may recover any such additional income tax and national insurance contributions at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 7 of the Agreement. 
  UNITED STATES  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
   
 ***** 
   
 28  

EXHIBIT 1 
   
  Total Shareholder Return  or  TSR  shall be equal to:  
   
 (A) = the average adjusted closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the Period End Date. 
   
 (B) = the average adjusted closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the Commencement Date. 
   
 The denominator in the exponent will be 3. 

29  

EXHIBIT 2  
   
 Benchmark Peers 

Adobe Systems Incorporated  
 
 IBM  
 
 Palo Alto Networks, Inc.  

Alphabet Inc.  
 
 Intel Corporation  
 
 Pure Storage, Inc.  

Apple Inc.  
 
 Intuit Inc.  
 
 QUALCOMM Incorporated  

Arista Networks, Inc.  
 
 Juniper Networks, Inc.  
 
 Red Hat, Inc.  

Broadcom Inc.  
 
 KLA-Tencor Corporation  
 
 salesforce.com, inc.  

CA, Inc.  
 
 Marvell Technology Group Ltd.  
 
 SAP SE  

Cisco Systems, Inc.  
 
 Micron Technology, Inc.  
 
 Seagate Technology plc  

Citrix Systems, Inc.  
 
  Microsoft Corporation  
 
 Symantec Corporation  

Commvault Systems, Inc.  
 
 Nutanix, Inc.  
 
 Teradata Corporation  

F5 Networks, Inc.  
 
 Open Text Corporation  
 
 VMware, Inc.  

HP Enterprise  
 
 Oracle Corporation  
 
 Western Digital Corporation  

The following will govern changes during the Performance Period to the companies listed in the Benchmark Peers: 

1.   
 
  If a company in the Benchmark Peers is acquired or merges with another company, and the acquiring or merged company (the  successor company ) is not contained in the Benchmark Peers, then the performance (relative TSR) for the acquired company will be calculated through the transaction date and that value would then be used for purposes of calculating that company s performance at the end of the performance period; however, if the successor company is contained in the Benchmark Peers, the old company will be removed entirely from the Benchmark Peers.    

2.   
 
 If a company stops trading publicly and is delisted or goes bankrupt, the company will remain in the Benchmark Peers with a TSR of  -100% .    

3.   
 
 If a company in the Benchmark Peers spins off a subsidiary, the spin-off company will not be included in the Benchmark Peers, but the continuing (parent) company shall remain in the Benchmark Peers with the TSR adjusted for the spin-off and the stock dividend in the spin-off.    

30  

EXHIBIT 3  
   
 Eligible Restricted Stock Unit Calculations: 

31  

* The number of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that will become Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be interpolated on a linear basis between levels 1   41.  The Growth Rate Delta will be rounded to the nearest whole number.  The Percentage of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that Become Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be rounded to the nearest hundredth. 
 ** Any partial shares of Common Stock will be rounded down to the nearest whole share and any fractional shares will be forfeited for no consideration. 
 32   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 ntap-ex103_61.htm
 EX-10.3

ntap-ex103_61.htm

Exhibit 10.3 
 NETAPP, INC.    RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (PERFORMANCE-BASED)  
 NetApp, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby grants you, (the  Participant ), an award of restricted stock units ( Restricted Stock Units ) under the NetApp, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ). Subject to the provisions of Appendix A and Appendix B (both attached) and of the Plan, the principal features of this award are as follows: 
  Participant:  
  FIRST_NAME   MIDDLE_NAME   LAST_NAME  
  ADDRESS_LINE_1  
  ADDRESS_LINE_2  
  CITY ,  STATE   ZIP_CODE  
  COUNTRY  
  Grant Date:   GRANT_DATE  
  Grant Number :  NUM  
  Target Number of Restricted Stock Units :  SHARES  (the  Target Number of Restricted Stock Units ) 1    
  Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units :  SHARES  (the  Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units ) 2    
  Vesting of Restricted Stock Units : The Restricted Stock Units will vest according to the following schedule:  
 General 
 The number of Restricted Stock Units that will become eligible for vesting as set forth below will depend upon the Company s Adjusted Operating Income (or  AOI ) (as defined below) for the Performance Period (as defined below) and will be determined in accordance with this Agreement.   
 The  Performance Period  will begin on the first day of the Company s 2019 fiscal year (the  Commencement Date ) and end on the last day of the Company s [__] fiscal year (the  Anniversary Date ).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control, or in the event Participant s continuous Service is terminated due to Participant s death or Permanent Disability (a  Qualifying Termination ), the Performance Period will be deemed to end upon the first to occur of the consummation of the Change in Control (the  Closing ) or the date of the Qualifying Termination for purposes of calculating the Company s Adjusted Operating Income.  The first to occur of the Anniversary Date, the Closing, or a Qualifying Termination, is referred to herein as the  Period End Date.  
 If Participant s continuous Service terminates prior to the Period End Date due to his or her Retirement, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will remain outstanding through the Period End Date and the number of Restricted Stock Units that become Eligible Restricted Stock Units (as defined below) will be measured as if Participant s continuous Service had not terminated. 

1     
 
   This should be 50% of the   total   Target Number of Restricted Stock Units     

2     
 
   This should be 200% of the above Target Number of Restricted Stock Units     

 1  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    If Participant s continuous Service terminates prior to the Period End Date for any reason (other than as a result of a Qualifying Termination or due to Participant s Retirement), the Restricted Stock Units will terminate and be cancelled and Participant will have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Stock Units.  Any Restricted Stock Units that do not become Eligible Restricted Stock Units as of the Period End Date will terminate and be cancelled and Participant will have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Stock Units.    
 Lastly, vesting is subject to Participant s continuous Service through the applicable vesting date, subject to the vesting acceleration provisions set forth below. 
 For purposes of this Agreement,  Retirement  will mean the voluntary termination of employment by the Participant either (a) on or after reaching 62 years of age or (b) on or after reaching 55 years of age following a minimum of ten (10) years of continuous service to the Company or its Subsidiaries. 
 Performance Matrix 
 The number of Restricted Stock Units that become eligible to vest (the  Eligible Restricted Stock Units ) will depend upon the Company s Adjusted Operating Income as of the Period End Date, as described herein.  The number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the  Compensation Committee ) in its sole discretion within forty-five (45) days of the Period End Date. 
 The  Company s Adjusted Operating Income  means income from operations as determined by the Company s written policy for reporting non-GAAP financial measures in its quarterly earnings release, as furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K, and related conference call, reduced by stock-based compensation;  provided, however, the Compensation Committee retains discretion to factor in any adjustments it deems appropriate when calculating AOI, which generally would be applied on an exception basis for unbudgeted, one-time, material items.  All determinations regarding the calculation of AOI will be made by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion and all such determinations will be final and binding on the Company and Participant. 
 The AOI will be calculated on a cumulative basis as of the Period End Date and will be calculated by adding the AOI from each fiscal year that occurs during the Performance Period.   
 Eligible Restricted Stock Unit Calculations: 

Level *  
 
 Cumulative AOI**  
 
 Percentage of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that Become Eligible Restricted Stock Units***  
 
 Number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units***  

1  
 
  $ [_]  
 
 200%  
 
 [--]  

2  
 
 $[_]  
 
 100%  
 
 [--]  

3  
 
 $[__]  
 
 25%  
 
 [--]  

4  
 
  $[__]  
 
 0%  
 
 0  

2  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    * The number of   Target Number of Restricted Stock Units     that will become Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be interpolated on a linear basis between levels 1   3.  The Percentage of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that   b  ecome Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be rounded to the nearest hundredth.  
 Please see Exhibit 1 for additional details. 
 ** If the Period End Date occurs prior to the Anniversary Date, the  Cumulative AOI  amount for each level will be pro-rated based on the number of days that have elapsed between the Commencement Date and the Period End Date. 
 *** Any partial shares of Common Stock will be rounded down to the nearest whole share and any fractional shares will be forfeited for no consideration. 
 In no event may more than 100% of the Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units be Eligible Restricted Stock Units. 
 Vesting 
 Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest in accordance with the following schedule, subject to Participant s continuous Service through the applicable vesting date: 100% of the Eligible Restricted Stock Units will vest on the Anniversary Date (subject to the following three paragraphs).  In the event Participant s continuous Service terminates for any or no reason before the Anniversary Date, the Eligible Restricted Stock Units and Participant s right to acquire shares of Common Stock thereunder will immediately terminate and such Eligible Restricted Stock Units will immediately be forfeited and cancelled (subject to the following three paragraphs). 
 Qualifying Termination 
 In the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs prior to the Anniversary Date, the number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units that will vest on the new Period End Date will be pro-rated by multiplying the calculated number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units by a fraction with a numerator equal to (i) the number of completed calendar months that have elapsed between the Commencement Date and the Period End Date and a denominator equal to thirty-six (36) and any remaining Eligible Restricted Stock Units will immediately be forfeited and cancelled. 
 Retirement 
 If Participant s continuous Service terminates due to his or her Retirement, the number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units that will vest on the Anniversary Date (or if earlier, upon a Closing) will be pro-rated by multiplying the calculated number of Eligible Restricted Stock Units by a fraction with a numerator equal to (i) the number of completed calendar months that have elapsed between the Commencement Date and the date Participant s continuous Service is terminated due to his or her Retirement and a denominator equal to thirty-six (36) and any remaining Eligible Restricted Stock Units will immediately be forfeited and cancelled.   
 Change in Control / Involuntary Termination 
 In the event of a Change in Control that occurs prior to the Anniversary Date, the Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest as to 100% of the Eligible Restricted Stock Units on the Anniversary Date, subject to Participant s continuous Service through such date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of an Involuntary Termination on or following a Change in Control, 100% of the Eligible Restricted Stock Units will vest on the termination date. 
 3  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    For purposes of this Agreement, an  Involuntary Termination  means that Participant is terminated as a result of either (i) a termination   of Participant s employment   by the Company without Cause (as defined in Participant s Change of     Control Severance Agreement with the Company (the  Severance Agreement )  )   or (ii) Participant   resigns from such employment   for Good Reason (as defi  ned in the Severance Agreement)  .  
 For purposes of clarification, the acceleration set forth in this Agreement is meant to be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any acceleration provisions set forth in the Severance Agreement. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein or in Appendix A or Appendix B, capitalized terms herein or in Appendix A or Appendix B will have the defined meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that by signature below of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement which includes Appendix A and Appendix B hereto (the  Agreement ) will result in a contract between Participant and the Company with respect to this award of Restricted Stock Units. Participant agrees and acknowledges that this signature indicates Participant s agreement and understanding that this award of Restricted Stock Units is subject to all of the terms and conditions contained in Appendix A and Appendix B and the Plan. For example, important additional information on vesting and forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units is contained in Paragraphs 3 through 7 of Appendix A. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF APPENDIX A AND APPENDIX B (FOR THE PARTICULAR COUNTRY THAT APPLIES TO PARTICIPANT), WHICH CONTAINS THE SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 Participant should retain a copy of this Agreement. A copy of the Plan is available at  http://fo.netapp.com/corporate-controller/stock/  and is available per request to Stock Administration. 
 I have read and accept this agreement. 

Signature:________________________   
 
 _______________ Name of ParticipantDate    

4  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    APPENDIX A  
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Grant # %%OPTION_NUMBER%-% 

1.   
 
  Grant.  The Company hereby grants to the Participant under the Plan an award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan.    

2.   
 
  Company s Obligation to Pay.  Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a share of Common Stock (or a cash amount equal to the value of a share on the date it becomes vested if the Company elects to settle the Restricted Stock Unit in cash) on the date it becomes vested. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 3 and 4, the Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.     

3.   
 
  Vesting Schedule.  Subject to Section 4, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Agreement will vest according to the vesting schedule set forth on the attached Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, subject to the Participant s continuous Service through each such date. For purposes of clarification, Service shall include any notice of termination period (e.g., garden leave, etc.) during which the Participant is not providing active Service to the Company or one of its affiliates.    

4.   
 
  Forfeiture upon Termination of Continuous Service.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, if the Participant s continuous Service terminates for any or no reason, the then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and the Participant will have no further rights thereunder.    

5.   
 
    Payment after Vesting.   Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with Section 3 will be paid to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant s death, to his or her estate) in whole shares of Common Stock, provided that to the extent determined appropriate by the Company, any federal, state, foreign and local withholding taxes (including but not limited to income tax, payment on account and social insurance contributions) with respect to such Restricted Stock Units will be paid by reducing the number of shares actually paid to the Participant (see Section 7).   Subject to the provisions of Sections 2 and 5(b), vested   Restricted Stock   Units will be paid in whole shares of Common Stock as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case no later than the date that is two-and-one-half (2  ) months from the later of (i) the end of the Company s tax year that includes the vesting date, or (ii) the end of Participant s tax year that includes the vesting date.     

a.   
 
    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the   Restricted Stock   Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination of continuous Service (provided that such termination is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A to the extent Section 409A is applicable, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination of continuous Service and (y) the payment of such accelerated   Restricted Stock   Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s termination of continuous Service, then the payment of such      

 5 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 

accelerated   Restricted Stock   Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination of continuous Service, unless Participant dies following his or her termination, in which case, the   Restricted Stock   Units will be paid in shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 6 as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the   Restricted Stock   Units provided under this Agreement or shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. For purposes of this Agreement,  Section 409A  means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.     

6.   
 
  Payments after Death.  Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if the Participant is then deceased, be made to the Participant s designated beneficiary or in accordance with applicable local laws, or if no beneficiary survives the Participant, administrator or executor of the Participant s estate or other party entitled to the rights under applicable local laws. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.    

7.   
 
  Withholding of Taxes . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no Shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Plan Administrator) will have been made by the Participant with respect to the payment of income (including federal, state, foreign and local taxes), employment, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account and other taxes which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such shares so issuable (the  Withholding Taxes ). Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Withholding Taxes legally due by the Participant is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company and/or the Participant s actual employer (the  Employer ) (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Withholding Taxes in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting of Restricted Stock Units, the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Common Stock or the receipt of an equivalent cash payment, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Withholding Taxes.    

 To satisfy the Withholding Taxes, the Company may withhold otherwise deliverable shares of Common Stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units, according to the vesting schedule, having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld for the payment of the Withholding Taxes, or, if permitted by the Administrator in its sole discretion, such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, and both pursuant to such procedures as the Plan Administrator may specify from time to time. The Company will not retain fractional shares of Common Stock to satisfy any portion of the Withholding Taxes. If shares of Common Stock equal to the minimum amount are being withheld, and the Plan Administrator determines that the withholding of whole shares of Common Stock results in an over-withholding to meet the minimum tax withholding requirements, a reimbursement will be made to the Participant as soon as administratively possible. 
   If the Company does not withhold in shares of Common Stock as described above, prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units or the receipt of an equivalent cash payment, the  
 6 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
  Participant shall pay, or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or to the Employer (in their sole discretion) to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company or the Employer to withhold all applicable Withholding Taxes legally payable by the Participant from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company or the Employer or from any equivalent cash payment received upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may allow Participant to satisfy the Withholding Taxes payable by the Participant, by providing irrevocable instructions to a Company-designated broker to sell a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to the Participant having a Fair Market Value equal to the Withholding Taxes, provided that such sale does not violate Company policy or Applicable Laws.  
 If the Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of the Withholding Taxes hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Section 3, the Participant will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable with respect thereto, and the Restricted Stock Units will not be issued to Participant.  

8.   
 
  Rights as Stockholder . Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any shares of Common Stock deliverable hereunder (if any) unless and until certificates representing such shares are issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Participant.    

9.   
 
  No Effect on Service.  The Participant s service with the Company and its Subsidiaries is on an at will basis only unless contrary to the terms of an employment agreement or applicable local law. Accordingly, the terms of the Participant s service with the Company and its Subsidiaries will be determined from time to time by the Company or the Subsidiary employing or retaining the Participant (as the case may be), and the Company or the Subsidiary, as applicable, will have the right, which is hereby expressly reserved, to terminate or change the terms of the employment or service of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause subject to the terms of the Participant s employment agreement or applicable local law.    

10.   
 
  Address for Notices.  Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company at 1395 Crossman Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, Attn: Stock Administration, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.    

11.   
 
  Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.    

12.   
 
  Leave of Absence . The vesting of Restricted Stock Units will not be suspended and will continue in accordance with the vesting schedule under this Agreement during Participant s authorized leave of absence from the Corporation, or the Parent or Subsidiary employing Participant, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement and the Plan.    

 7  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 

13.   
 
        Binding Agreement  . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.     

14.   
 
  Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company determines, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares of Common Stock upon any securities exchange or under any state, foreign or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of shares to the Participant (or his or her estate), such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of the payment of any shares will violate federal or foreign securities laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of shares will no longer cause such violation (to the extent such deferral is not in violation of such laws). The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state, foreign or federal law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority.     

15.   
 
  Plan Governs . This Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern.    

16.   
 
  Administrator Authority . The Plan Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Plan Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Plan Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.    

17.   
 
  Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.    

18.   
 
  Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.    

19.   
 
    Labor Law . By accepting this award of Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges that: (a) the grant of this award of Restricted Stock Units is a one-time benefit which does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units; (b) all determinations with respect to any future grants, including, but not limited to, the times when the Restricted Stock Units shall be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to each award of Restricted Stock Units, the time or times when Restricted Stock Units shall vest, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; (c) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary; (d) this award of Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item of compensation which is outside the scope of the Participant s employment contract, if any; (e) this award of Restricted Stock Units is not part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments; (f) the vesting of this award of Restricted Stock Units ceases upon termination of     

 8 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 

Service for any reason except as may otherwise be explicitly provided in the Plan or this Agreement; (g) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; (h) this award of Restricted Stock Units has been granted to the Participant in the Participant s status as an Employee, a non-employee member of the Board or a consultant or independent advisor of the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary; (i) any claims resulting from this award of Restricted Stock Units shall be enforceable, if at all, against the Company; (j) in consideration of the grant of this award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the award or diminution in value of the award or any of the shares issuable under the award from termination of Participant s Service by the Company or Employer, as applicable (and for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of contract or local labor laws), and Participant irrevocably releases his or her Employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing this Agreement, Participant shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim; and (k) in the event that Employer is not the Company, the grant of the award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company and, furthermore, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with the Employer or any Subsidiary.     

20.   
 
  Disclosure of Participant Information.      

a.   
 
  Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, Participant s employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan.     

b.   
 
    For Participants outside the U.S., Participant understands that Participant s employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, hold certain personal information about Participant regarding Participant s employment, the nature and amount of Participant s compensation and the fact and conditions of Participant s participation in the Plan, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, health, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company and its Subsidiaries, details of all options, awards or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (the  Data ). Participant understands that the Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Participant s country, or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting Participant s local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party. Participant understands that      

 9 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 

the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Participant may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing Participant s local human resources representative. Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.     

21.   
 
 Governing Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without resort to that State s conflict-of-laws rules.    

22.   
 
  Imposition of Other Requirements.  The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with any applicable law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. Participant agrees to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Participant acknowledges that the laws of the country in which Participant is working at the time of grant, vesting or the sale of shares of Common Stock received  pursuant to this award (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that Participant is and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill.    

23.   
 
  Translations.  If Participant has received this Agreement or any other document or communication related to the Plan or this grant in a language other than English and the meaning in the translation is different than in the English version, the terms expressed in the English version will govern.     

24.   
 
  Appendix B.  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Agreement (the  Appendix B ) for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix B, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix B constitutes part of this Agreement.    

10  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    APPENDIX B  
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
 NETAPP, INC.  
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix B includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units granted to you under the Plan if you reside in one of the countries listed below. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of August 2013. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that the Restricted Stock Units vest or you sell shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you.  
 ARGENTINA 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  Neither the Restricted Stock Units nor the issuance of the shares are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority.  
 Exchange Control Information.  In the event that you transfer proceeds in excess of US$2,000,000 from the sale of shares into Argentina in a single month, you will be subject to certain exchange control laws. Please note that exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to frequent change. You should consult with your personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that you may have.  

11  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
   
 AUSTRALIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Australian Addendum.  You understand and agree that the Restricted Stock Units are offered subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Australian Addendum to the Plan. You further agree to be bound by the terms of the Plan as supplemented for implementation in Australia by the Australian Addendum and the terms of the Restricted Stock Unit as set forth in the Agreement.  
 AUSTRIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you hold shares obtained through the Plan outside of Austria, you must submit a report to the Austrian National Bank. An exemption applies if the value of the shares as of any given quarter does not exceed  30,000,000 or as of December 31 does not exceed  5,000,000. If the former threshold is exceeded, quarterly obligations are imposed, whereas if the latter threshold is exceeded, annual reports must be given. The annual reporting date is as of December 31 and the deadline for filing the annual report is March 31 of the following year.  
 When shares are sold, there may be exchange control obligations if the cash received is held outside Austria. If the transaction volume of all your accounts abroad exceeds  3,000,000, the movements and balances of all accounts must be reported monthly, as of the last day of the month, on or before the fifteenth day of the following month. 
 Consumer Protection Information.  If the provisions of the Austrian Consumer Protection Act are applicable to the Agreement and the Plan, you may be entitled to revoke your acceptance of the Agreement under the conditions listed below:  

i.   
 
 if you accept the Restricted Stock Units outside the business premises of the Company, you may be entitled to revoke your acceptance of the Agreement, provided the revocation is made within one week after you accept the Agreement.    

ii.   
 
 The revocation must be in written form to be valid. It is sufficient if you return the Agreement to the Company or the Company's representative with language which can be understood as your refusal to conclude or honor the Agreement, provided the revocation is sent within the period set forth above.    

 BELGIUM  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 BRAZIL  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil (including shares of Company Common Stock) to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than US$100,000.  
 12  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    BULGARIA   
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Form of Settlement.  Restricted Stock Units granted to employees resident in Canada shall be paid in shares only. In no event shall any of such Restricted Stock Units be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan to the contrary.  
 Authorization of Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information.  This provision supplements Section 20 of the Agreement:  
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company's representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any 
 Parent or Subsidiary and the administrator of the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 French Language Provision.  The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec:  
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  la redaction en anglais de cette convention  ("Agreement"),  ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et procedures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement a la pr sente convention. 
 CHILE 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  Neither the Company nor the shares that may be issued under this award are registered with the Chilean Registry of Securities or under the control of the Chilean Superintendence of Securities.  
 Exchange Control Information.  It is your responsibility to make sure that you comply with exchange control requirements in Chile when the value of your share transaction is in excess of US$10,000.  
 If the Restricted Stock Units are paid in shares and the aggregate value of the shares exceeds US$10,000, you must sign Annex 1 of the Manual of Chapter XII of the Foreign Exchange Regulations and file it directly with the Central Bank within 10 days of the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 You are not required to repatriate funds obtained from the sale of shares acquired pursuant to your grant of Restricted Stock Units. However, if you decide to repatriate such funds, you must do so through the Formal Exchange Market if the amount of the funds exceeds US$10,000. In such case, you must report the payment to a commercial bank or registered foreign exchange office receiving the funds. 
 13  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    If your aggregate investments held outside of Chile exceeds US$5,000,000 (including shares acquired under the Plan), you must report the investments annually to the Central Bank. Annex 3.1 of Chapter XII of the Foreign Exchange Regulations must be used to file this report.  
 Please note that exchange control regulations in Chile are subject to change. You should consult with your personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that you may have prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 Annual Tax Reporting Obligation.  The Chilean Internal Revenue (the "CIRS") requires all taxpayers to provide information annually regarding: (i) the taxes paid abroad which they will use as a credit against Chilean income taxes, and (ii) the gains/losses from foreign investments. These annual reporting obligations must be complied with by submitting a sworn statement setting forth this information before March 15 of each year. The forms to be used to submit the sworn statement are Tax Form 1853 "Annual Sworn Statement Regarding Credits for Taxes Paid Abroad" and Tax Form 1851 "Annual Sworn Statement Regarding Investments Held Abroad." If you are not a Chilean citizen and have been a resident in Chile for less than three years, you are exempt from the requirement to file Tax Form 1853. These statements must be submitted electronically through the CIRS website at   http://www.sii.cl  .  
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The Participant agrees that Participant must (and that Participant shall) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this award of Restricted Stock Units in such manner and subject to such terms and conditions as the Company or the Employer determines within six (6) months after the Participant s termination of Service, or such other period of time as the Company or the Employer may designate from time to time to comply with applicable legal requirements, including any registration, regulation, requirement or other similar law, statute, rule or regulation promulgated or requested by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) or its local agency (the  Disposition Deadline ).  The Participant hereby authorizes the Company or the Employer and appoints the Company and the Employer as the Participant s attorney-in-fact to sell on the Participant s behalf any shares of Common Stock held by the Participant on or after the Disposition Deadline, without any further action, consent or instruction by the Participant.  The Participant further agrees and acknowledges that the Participant will be responsible and liable for all the costs associated with any such sale of shares of Common Stock and that neither the Company nor the Employer will be liable to the Participant or any other person or entity for any losses or other liabilities that may result to the Participant as a result of any such sale. 
   Exchange Control Requirements.  You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required to repatriate the cash proceeds from the immediate sale of the shares issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units to China. You further understand that, under local law, such repatriation of your cash proceeds may need to be effectuated through a special exchange control account established by the Company, Parent or Subsidiary or the Employer, and you hereby consent and agree that any proceeds from the sale of any shares issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units you acquire may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to you. If the proceeds from the sale of your shares are converted to local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any exchange conversion rate, and the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions in China. You agree to bear the risk of any exchange conversion rate fluctuation between the date the Restricted Stock Units vest and the date of conversion of the proceeds from the sale of the shares issued upon vesting to local currency. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may   
 14 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
  be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China.  
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  The Czech National Bank may require you to fulfill certain notification duties in relation to the Restricted Stock Units and the opening and maintenance of a foreign account. However, because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, you should consult your personal legal advisor prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws.  
 DENMARK 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you establish an account holding shares or an account holding cash outside Denmark, you must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. (Please note that these obligations are separate from and in addition to the obligations described below.)  
 Securities/Tax Reporting Information.  If you hold shares acquired under the Plan in a brokerage account with a broker or bank outside Denmark, you are required to inform the Danish Tax Administration about the account. For this purpose, you must file a Form V   (Erklaering V)   with the Danish Tax Administration. The Form V must be signed both by you and by the applicable broker or bank where the account is held. By signing the Form V, the broker or bank undertakes to forward information to the Danish Tax Administration concerning the shares in the account without further request each year. By signing the Form     V, you authorize the Danish Tax Administration to examine the account. A sample of the Form V can be found at the following website:   www.skat.dk  .   
 In addition, if you open a brokerage account (or a deposit account with a U.S. bank) for the purpose of holding cash outside Denmark, you are also required to inform the Danish Tax Administration about this account. To do so, you must also file a Form K ( Erklaering K ) with the Danish Tax Administration. The Form K must be signed both by you and by the applicable broker or bank where the account is held. By signing the Form K, the broker/bank undertakes an obligation, without further request each year, to forward information to the Danish Tax Administration concerning the content of the account. By signing the Form K, you authorize the Danish Tax Administration to examine the account. A sample of Form K can be found at the following website:  www.skat.dk . 
 FINLAND 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
     
 15  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    FRANCE   
 Terms and Conditions 
 Consent to Receive Information in English.  By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you confirm having read and understood the Plan and the Agreement, which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly.  
 En acceptant cette attribution gratuite d'actions, vous confirmez avoir lu et comprenez le Plan et ce Contrat, incluant tous leurs termes et conditions, qui ont  t  transmis en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.    If you hold shares of Common Stock outside of France or maintain a foreign bank account, you are required to report such to the French tax authorities when you file your annual tax return.  
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Cross-border payments in excess of  12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank. If you use a German bank to transfer a cross-border payment in excess of  12,500 in connection with the sale of shares acquired under the Plan, the bank will make the report for you. In addition, you must report any receivables, payables, or debts in foreign currency exceeding an amount of  5,000,000 on a monthly basis.  
 GREECE  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 HONG KONG 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Securities Notification.   Warning: The Restricted Stock Units and shares issued at vesting do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company, its Parent or Subsidiary. The Agreement, including this Appendix B, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a "prospectus" for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong nor have the documents been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary and may not be distributed to any other person. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this Appendix B, or the Plan, you should obtain independent professional advice.    
 Settlement of Restricted Stock Units and Sale of Shares.  In the event your Restricted Stock Units vest and shares are issued to you within six months of the grant date, you agree that you will not dispose of any shares acquired prior to the six-month anniversary of the grant date.  
   
 16  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    Notifications  
 Nature of Scheme.  The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance.  
 HUNGARY 
 No country specific provisions. 
 INDIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You understand that you must repatriate any proceeds from the sale of shares acquired under the Plan to India and convert the proceeds into local currency within 90 days of receipt. You will receive a foreign inward remittance certificate ("FIRC") from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency. You should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation.  
 Tax Information.  The amount subject to tax at vesting will partially be dependent upon a valuation that the Company will obtain from a Merchant Banker in India. The Company has no responsibility or obligation to obtain the most favorable valuation possible nor obtain valuations more frequently than required under Indian tax law.  
 INDONESIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you remit proceeds from the sale of shares into   
 Indonesia, the Indonesian Bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report on the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia for statistical reporting purposes. For transactions of US$10,000 or more, a description of the transaction must be included in the report. Although the bank through which the transaction is made is required to make the report, you must complete a "Transfer Report Form." The Transfer Report Form will be provided to you by the bank through which the transaction is made. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation.  If you are a director, shadow director or secretary of the Company's Irish Subsidiary or affiliate, you must notify the Irish Subsidiary or affiliate in writing within five business days of receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company (e.g., Restricted Stock Units, shares, etc.), or within five business days of becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement or within five days of becoming a director or secretary if such an interest exists at the time. This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or children under the age of 18 (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary).  
 ISRAEL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 17  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    Trust Arrangement.   You understand and agree that the Restricted Stock Units are offered subject to and in accordance with the terms of the trust agreement. Specifically, the shares issued upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall be delivered to and controlled by a trustee appointed by the Company or its Subsidiary or affiliate in Israel (the "Trustee") for your benefit for at least such period of time as required by Section 102 or any shorter period determined under the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance [New Version] 1961 as now in effect or as hereafter amended (the 'Ordinance') or by the Israeli Tax Authority (the "Lock-Up Period"). The Restricted Stock Units and shares shall be controlled by the Trustee for the benefit of you and the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Income Tax (Tax Abatement on the Grant of Shares to Employees) Regulations 2003 shall apply to such Restricted Stock Units or shares for all purposes. You shall be able, at any time, to request the sale of the shares or the release of the shares from the Trustee, subject to the terms of the Plan, this Agreement and any applicable law. Without derogating from the aforementioned, if the shares are released by the Trustee during the Lock-Up Period, the sanctions under Section 102 of the Ordinance shall apply to and be borne by you. The Shares shall not be sold or released from the control of the Trustee unless the Company, the Employer and the Trustee are satisfied that the full amount of Withholding Taxes due have been paid or will be paid in relation thereto.  
 ITALY 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Data Privacy Notice.  The following provision replaces Section 20 of the Agreement:  
 Participant understands that the Employer and/or the Company may hold certain personal information about him or her, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, number of shares held and the details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the  Data ) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant is aware that providing the Company with the Data is necessary for the performance of this Agreement and that Participant s refusal to provide such Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect his or her ability to participate in the Plan.  
   The Controller of personal data processing is NetApp, Inc., with registered offices at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, USA, and, pursuant to D.lgs 196/2003, its representative in Italy is NetApp Italia Srl. with registered offices at First Floor, Via Battistotti Sassi 11, Milan, Italy 20133. Participant understands that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any transfer required to a broker or other third party with whom Shares acquired pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan may be deposited. Furthermore, the recipients that may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer such Data for the above mentioned purposes may be located in Italy or elsewhere, including outside of the European Union and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Italy. The processing activity, including the transfer of Participant s personal data abroad, outside of the European Union, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, does not require Participant s consent thereto as the processing is necessary for the performance of contractual obligations related to the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  
 18 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
  Participant understands that Data processing relating to the purposes above specified shall take place under automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Data are collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to D.lgs. 196/2003.  
 Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is required by law or as necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that pursuant to art.7 of D.lgs 196/2003, he or she has the right, including but not limited to, access, delete, update, request the rectification of his or her personal Data and cease, for legitimate reasons, the Data processing. Furthermore, Participant is aware that his or her Data will not be used for direct marketing purposes.  
 Plan Document Acknowledgment.  In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement and have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix B, in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix B.   
 In addition, you further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve without limitation the following clauses in the Agreement: Section 4 (Forfeiture upon Termination of Continuous Service); Section 7 (Withholding of Taxes); Section 19 (Labor Law); and Section 20 (Disclosure of Participant Information). 
 Notifications 
 Tax/Exchange Control Information.  You are required to report on your annual tax return:   
 (a) any transfers of cash or shares to or from Italy exceeding  10,000 or the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars; (b) any foreign investments or investments (including the shares issued at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, cash or proceeds from the sale of shares acquired under the Plan) held outside of Italy exceeding  10,000 or the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars, if the investment may give rise to income in Italy (this will include reporting the shares issued at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units if the fair market value of such shares combined with other foreign assets exceed  10,000); and (c) the amount of the transfers to and from abroad which have had an impact during the calendar year on your foreign investments or investments held outside of Italy. You are exempt from the formalities in (a) if the investments are made through an authorized broker resident in Italy, as the broker will comply with the reporting obligation on your behalf. 
 JAPAN 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 KAZAKHSTAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Although Kazakh residents are no longer required to obtain a license from the National Bank of Kazakhstan before obtaining securities in foreign companies, you are nevertheless required to notify the National Bank of Kazakhstan when you acquire Shares under the Plan.  
 KOREA 
 Notifications 
 19  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    Exchange Control Information.   If you realize US$500,000 or more from the sale of shares, Korean exchange control laws require you to repatriate the proceeds to Korea within 18 months of the sale.  
 LUXEMBOURG 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You are required to report any inward remittances of funds to the   Banque Central de Luxembourg   and/or the   Service Central de La Statistique et des Etudes Economiques   within 15 working days following the month during the transaction occurred. If a Luxembourg financial institution is involved in the transaction, it generally will fulfill the reporting obligation on your behalf.  
 MALAYSIA 
 Notifications 
 Malaysian Insider Trading Notification.  You should be aware of the Malaysian insider-trading rules, which may impact your acquisition or disposal of shares or rights to shares under the Plan. Under the Malaysian insider-trading rules, you are prohibited from acquiring or selling shares or rights to shares (  e.g.  , an award under the Plan) when you are in possession of information which is not generally available and which you know or should know will have a material effect on the price of Shares once such information is generally available.  
 Director Notification Obligation.  If you are a director of the Company's Malaysian Subsidiary or affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian Subsidiary or affiliate in writing when you receive or dispose of an interest (e.g., an award under the Plan or shares) in the Company or any related company. Such notifications must be made within 14 days of receiving or disposing of any interest in the Company or any related company.  
 MEXICO 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Modification.  By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you understand and agree that any modification of the Plan or the Agreement or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of employment.  
 Policy Statement.  The award of Restricted Stock Units the Company is making under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend it and discontinue it at any time without any liability.  
 The Company, with registered offices at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, U.S.A., is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and participation in the Plan and the acquisition of shares does not, in any way, establish an employment relationship between you and the Company since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and the sole employer is as applicable, nor does it establish any rights between you and the Employer. 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment.  By accepting the award of Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that you have received copies of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement.  
 20  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    In addition, by signing the Agreement, you further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions in the Agreement, in which the following is clearly described and established: (i) participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right; (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis; (iii) participation in the Plan is voluntary; and (iv) the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units.  
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages as a result of your participation in the Plan and therefore grant a full and broad release to the Employer, the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliates with respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan. 
  Spanish Translation  
 Modification.  Al aceptar las Unidades de Accion Restringida, usted reconoce y acuerda que cualquier modification del Plan o su terminacion no constituye un cambio o desmejora de los terminos y condiciones de empleo.  
 Declaracion de Politica.  El Otorgarmiento de Unidades de Accion Restringida de la Compa ia en virtud del Plan es unilateral y discrecional y, por lo tanto, la Compa ia se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y discontinuar el mismo en cualquier tiempo, sin responsabilidad alguna.  
 La Compa ia, con oficinas registradas ubicadas en, es la unica responsable de la administraci n del Plan y de la participaci n en el mismo y la adquisici n de Acciones no establece de forma alguna una relaci n de trabajo entre usted y la Compa ia, ya que su participaci n en el Plan es completamente comercial y el unico empleador es en caso de ser aplicable, asi como tampoco establece ningun derecho entre la persona que tenga el derecho a optar y el Empleador. 
 Reconocimiento del Documento del Plan.  Al aceptar el Otorgamiento de las Unidades de Acci n Restringida, usted reconoce que ha recibido copias del Plan, ha revisado el mismo, al igual que la totalidad del Acuerdo y, que ha entendido y aceptado completamente todas las disposiciones contenidas en el Plan y en el Acuerdo.  
 Adicionalmente, al firmar el Acuerdo, reconoce que ha leido, y que aprueba especifica y expresamente los t rminos y condiciones contenidos en la Renuncia de Derecho o Reclamo por Compensaci n del Acuerdo, en el cual se encuentra claramente descrito y establecido lo siguiente: (i) la participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido; (ii) el plan y la participaci n en el mismo es ofrecida por la Compa ia de forma enteramente discrecional; (iii) la participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria; y (iv) la Compa ia, asi como su Sociedad controlante, Subsidiaria o Filiales no son responsables por cualquier disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones en relaci n a las Unidades de Acci n Restringida. 
 Finalmente, declara que no se reserva ninguna  acci n  o derecho para interponer una demanda en contra de la Compa ia por compensaci n, dano o perjuicio alguno como resultado de su participaci n en el Plan y, en consecuencia, otorga el m s amplio finiquito al Empleador, asi como a la Compa ia, a su Sociedad controlante, Subsidiaria o Filiales con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera originarse en virtud del Plan. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 Notifications 
 21  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    Insider-Trading Notification.   You should be aware of the Dutch insider-trading rules, which may impact the sale of shares issued to you at vesting and settlement of the award. In particular, you may be prohibited from effectuating certain transactions involving shares if you have inside information about the Company. If you are uncertain whether the insider-trading rules apply to you, you should consult your personal legal advisor.  
 NEW ZEALAND 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 NIGERIA 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 NORWAY  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 PHILIPPINES 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notice.  You acknowledge that you are permitted to sell shares acquired under the Plan through the designated Plan broker appointed by the Company (or such other broker to whom you may transfer the Shares), provided that such sale takes place outside of the Philippines through the facilities of the NASDAQ Global Select Market on which the shares are listed.  
 POLAND 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you hold foreign securities (including shares) and maintain accounts abroad, you may be required to file certain reports with the National Bank of Poland. Specifically, if the value of securities and cash held in such foreign accounts exceeds  15,000, you must file reports on the transactions and balances of the accounts on a quarterly basis by the 20th day of the month following the end of each quarter and an annual report by no later than January 30 of the following calendar year. Such reports are filed on special forms available on the website of the National Bank of Poland.  
 PORTUGAL 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  If you receive shares upon vesting, the acquisition of the shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the shares are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on your behalf. If the shares are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, you are responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal.  
 ROMANIA  
 Notifications 
   Exchange Control Information.  If you deposit the proceeds from the sale of shares issued to you at vesting in a bank account in Romania, you may be required to provide the Romanian bank with appropriate   
 22 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
  documentation explaining the source of the  funds. You should consult your personal advisor to determine whether you will be required to submit such documentation to the Romanian bank.  
     
 23  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    RUSSIA  
 Terms and Conditions 
 U.S. Transaction.  You understand that the Restricted Stock Units shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is electronically received by the Company in the United States. Upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, any shares to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. You are not permitted to sell the shares directly to other Russian legal entities or individuals.  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Under current exchange control regulations, within a reasonably short time after sale of the shares acquired under the Plans, you must repatriate the sale proceeds to Russia. Such sale proceeds must be initially credited to you through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the sale proceeds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws.  
 You are encouraged to contact your personal advisor before remitting your sale proceeds to Russia as exchange control requirements may change. 
 Securities Law Notification.  This Appendix B, the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials that you may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. Absent any requirement under local law, the issuance of securities pursuant to the Plan has not and will not be registered in Russia; hence, the securities described in any Plan-related documents may not be used for offering or public circulation in Russia.  
 SAUDI ARABIA 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  The Agreement may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority.  
 The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the Agreement, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of the Agreement. You are hereby advised to conduct your own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Shares. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  The award of Restricted Stock Units is being made in reliance on section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) ("SFA") pursuant to which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements under the SFA.  
   
 24  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    Director Notification Obligation.   If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of the Company's Singapore Subsidiary or affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Company's Singapore Subsidiary or affiliate in writing when you receive an interest (  e.g  , Restricted Stock Units or shares) in the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate. In addition, you must notify the Company's Singapore Subsidiary or affiliate when you sell shares or shares of any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate (including when you sell shares issued upon vesting and settlement of the award). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate. In addition, a notification of your interests in the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate must be made within two days of becoming a director.  
 SLOVENIA  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Taxes.  By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, you agree that, immediately upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you will notify the Employer of the amount of any gain realized. If you fail to advise the Employer of the gain realized upon vesting and settlement, you may be liable for a fine. You will be solely responsible for paying any difference between the actual tax liability and the amount withheld by the Employer.  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  Because no transfer of funds from South Africa is required under the awards, no filing or reporting requirements should apply when the award is granted or when Shares are issued upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. However, because the exchange control regulations are subject to change, you should consult your personal advisor prior to vesting and settlement of the award to ensure compliance with current regulations. You are responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in South Africa.  
 SPAIN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 No Entitlement for Claims or Compensation.  The following provision supplements   
 Section 19 of the Agreement: 
   By accepting the award, you consent to participation in the Plan, and acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan document. You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to make awards of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to individuals who may be Consultants, Directors, Employees and Non-Employee Directors throughout the world. The decision is limited and entered into based upon the express assumption and condition that any Restricted Stock Units will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, including the Employer, on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, you understand that the award is given on the assumption and condition that the Restricted Stock Units shall not become part of any employment contract (whether with the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate, including the Employer) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other right  
 25 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
  whatsoever. Furthermore, you understand and freely accept that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoever shall arise from the award, which is gratuitous and discretionary, since the future value of the Restricted Stock Units and the underlying shares is unknown and unpredictable. You also understand that this award would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions set forth hereinabove; thus, you understand, acknowledge and freely accept that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the award, the Restricted Stock Units and any right to the underlying shares shall be null and void.  
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You must declare the acquisition of Shares to the   Direcci n General de Politica Comercial e Inversiones Exteriores   ("DGPCIE") of the   Ministerio de Economia   for statistical purposes. You must also declare the ownership of any shares with the Directorate of Foreign Transactions each January while the shares are owned. In addition, you wish to import the share certificates into Spain, you must declare the importation of such securities to the DGPCIE.  
 When receiving foreign currency payments derived from the ownership of Shares (i.e., dividends or sale proceeds), you must inform the financial institution receiving the payment of the basis upon which such payment is made. You will need to provide the following information: (i) your name, address, and fiscal identification number; (ii) the name and corporate domicile of the Company; (iii) the amount of the payment and the currency used; (iv) the country of origin; (v) the reasons for the payment; and (vi) further information that may be required. 
 Tax Information.  Effective October 2012, if you hold assets or rights outside of Spain (including shares acquired under the Plan), you may have to file an informational tax report with the tax authorities declaring such ownership. Generally, if the value of your foreign investments exceeds  50,000, you may have to file this informational return. Please note that reporting requirements are based on what you have previously disclosed and the increase in value of such and the total value of certain groups of foreign assets. Also, the thresholds for annual filing requirements may change each year Therefore, you should consult your personal advisor regarding whether you will be required to file an informational tax report for asset and rights that you hold abroad.  
 SWEDEN 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notification  The award is considered a private offering in Switzerland; therefore, it is not subject to registration in Switzerland.  
 TAIWAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  You may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of shares) into and out of Taiwan up to US$5,000,000 per year. If the transaction amount is TWD$500,000 or more in a single transaction, you must submit a foreign exchange transaction form and also provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank.  
 26  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    If the transaction amount is US$500,000 or more, you may be required to provide additional supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. Please consult your personal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable exchange control laws in Taiwan.  
 THAILAND 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information.  When you sell shares issued to you at vesting, you must repatriate all cash proceeds to Thailand and then convert such proceeds to Thai Baht within 360 days of repatriation. If the amount of your proceeds is US$20,000 or more, you must specifically report the inward remittance to the Bank of Thailand on a foreign exchange transaction form. If you fail to comply with these obligations, you may be subject to penalties assessed by the Bank of Thailand. You should consult your personal advisor before taking action with respect to remittance of proceeds from the sale of Shares into Thailand. You are responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in Thailand.  
 TURKEY  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 There are no country specific provisions. 
 UNITED KINGDOM  
 Terms and Conditions 
 Joint Election.  As a condition of participation in the Plan, you agree to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 NICs which may be payable by the Company and/or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you in connection with the Restricted Stock Units and any event giving rise to Tax-Related Items (the  Employer s NICs ). Without limitation to the foregoing, you agree to enter into a joint election with the Company (the  Joint Election ), the form of such Joint Election being formally approved by HMRC, and to execute any other consents or elections required to accomplish the transfer of the Employer s NICs to you. You further agree to execute such other joint elections as may be required between you and any successor to the Company and/or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you. You further agree that the Company and/or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you may collect Employer s NICs from you by any of the means set forth in Section 7 of the Agreement.  
 If you do not enter into a Joint Election, if approval of the Joint Election has been withdrawn by HMRC or if such Joint Election is jointly revoked by you and the Company or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you, as applicable, the Company, in its sole discretion and without any liability to you, may choose not to issue or deliver any shares of Common Stock to you at vesting and you will forfeit your Restricted Stock Units. 
 Tax and National Insurance Contributions Acknowledgment.  The following provisions supplement Section 7 of the Agreement:  
   You agree that if you do not pay or the Employer or the Company does not withhold from you the full amount of Withholding Taxes that you owe due to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, or the release or assignment of the Restricted Stock Units for consideration, or the receipt of any other benefit in connection with the Restricted Stock Units (the "Taxable Event") within 90 days after the Taxable Event, or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003, then the amount that should have  
 27 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
  been withheld shall constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective 90 days after the Taxable Event. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the HMRC's official rate and will be immediately due and repayable by you, and the Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by withholding the funds from salary, bonus or any other funds due to you by the Employer, by withholding in Shares issued upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or from the cash proceeds from the sale of Shares or by demanding cash or a cheque from you. You also authorize the Company to delay the issuance of any Shares to you unless and until the loan is repaid in full.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are an officer or executive director (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that you are an officer or executive director and Withholding Taxes are not collected from or paid by you within 90 days of the Taxable Event, the amount of any uncollected Withholding Taxes may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that the Company or the Employer may recover any such additional income tax and national insurance contributions at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 7 of the Agreement. 
  UNITED STATES  
 There are no country specific provisions. 
   
 ***** 

28  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    EXHIBIT   1  
   
 Eligible Restricted Stock Unit Calculations: 

29  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 

* The number of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that will become Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be interpolated on a linear basis between levels 1   40.  The Percentage of Target Number of Restricted Stock Units that Become Eligible Restricted Stock Units will be rounded to the nearest hundredth. 
 ** If the Period End Date occurs prior to the Anniversary Date, the  Cumulative AOI  amount for each level will be pro-rated based on the number of days that have elapsed between the Commencement Date and the Period End Date. 
 30  
 
 Exhibit 10.3 
    *  ** Any partial shares of Common Stock will be rounded down to the nearest whole share and any fractional shares will be forfeited for no consideration.  

31   

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ntap-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

ntap-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a)  
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, George Kurian, certify that:  
 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NetApp, Inc.;  
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ GEORGE KURIAN   

George Kurian  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Operating Officer)  

Date: August 21, 2018 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ntap-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

ntap-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a)  
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Ronald J. Pasek, certify that:  
 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NetApp, Inc.;  
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ RONALD J. PASEK  

Ronald J. Pasek  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: August 21, 2018  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ntap-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

ntap-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, George Kurian, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of NetApp, Inc., on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 27, 2018 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NetApp, Inc.  

/s/ GEORGE KURIAN  

George Kurian  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Operating Officer)  

Date: August 21, 2018 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ntap-ex322_7.htm
 EX-32.2

ntap-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Ronald J. Pasek, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of NetApp, Inc., on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 27, 2018 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NetApp, Inc.  

/s/ RONALD J. PASEK  

Ronald J. Pasek  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: August 21, 2018 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 ntap-20180727.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ntap-20180727.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ntap-20180727_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ntap-20180727_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ntap-20180727_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ntap-20180727_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

