STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended: June 30,
2018 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from: 

Commission file number: 000-53641 

TRULI TECHNOLOGIES, INC  

 (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Issuer s telephone number   (866)
862-2979   

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period than the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   smaller reporting company, 
and  emerging growth company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Emerging growth company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes   No   

As of August 14, 2018, the number of shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding was 131,554,197. 

Page    

number    
 
       Part I -   
       Financial Information   

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
     1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2018 (unaudited) and March 31, 2018  
     1  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017  
     2  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017  
     3  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     4  

Forward-Looking Statements  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     11  
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     14  
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     14  

Part II -   
       Other Information   

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     15  
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
     15  
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     15  
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     15  
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     15  
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     15  
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
     16  

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements    

Truli
Technologies, Inc.   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Truli
Technologies, Inc.   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Truli
Technologies, Inc.   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Unaudited)  

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

TRULI
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   JUNE
30, 2018   

   (Unaudited)   

NOTE
1   ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

General   

Truli Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
initially incorporated on July 28, 2008, (the  Company ) is a holding company based in Bristol, Connecticut. On June
21, 2018, pursuant to shareholder approval, the Company changed its name to Truli Technologies, Inc. from Truli Media Group, Inc.
Immediately following the October 30, 2017 closing of the License Agreement (the  License ) and issuance of preferred
shares described below and in Note 2, Mr. Michael Solomon, our Founder and then a director of the Company, exercised his Option,
granted to him in September 2016, to purchase the Company s subsidiary, Truli Media Corp ( TMC ) for $5,000.
As a result, TMC is no longer a subsidiary of the Company. 

On October 17, 2017, the Company formed
a new, wholly-owned subsidiary, VocaWorks, Inc. ( VocaWorks ), a New Jersey corporation. 

Prior to the exercise of the Option by
Mr. Solomon to purchase TMC, the Company was focused on the on-demand media and social networking markets as an aggregator of family-friendly,
faith-based Christian content, media, music and Internet Protocol Television ( IPTV ) programming. With the exercise
of the Option by Mr. Solomon, the Company has exited those activities. 

Effective October 30, 2017, the Company
entered into a License with Recruiter.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Recruiter ) under which Recruiter granted
the Company s newly created subsidiary, VocaWorks, a license to use certain of Recruiter s proprietary software and
related intellectual property. The Company is rebranding itself under the VocaWorks brand name and moving into the rapidly expanding
field of online and mobile-enabled staffing and talent acquisition solutions through its entry into the License with Recruiter.
VocaWorks will offer a native mobile iOS app solution, as well as a web-based SaaS platform offering and will facilitate the hiring
of personnel, including project-based consultants, focusing initially on specialized technology talent. 

Truli ,  our ,
 us ,  we  or the  Company  refer to Truli Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The operations
of TMC are included through the date of the exercise of the Option by Mr. Solomon. In discussing the business of the Company, we
refer to the business now operated by VocaWorks except as otherwise made clear from the context. 

From commencement of its former and current
business operations through the date of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company has not generated
any revenues and has incurred significant expenses. 

The Company s operations are subject to all the risks and uncertainties inherent
in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including failing to secure additional funding to carry out the Company s
business plan. 

Basis
of Presentation   

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. The unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain information and note disclosures
normally included in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted
pursuant to those rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information
not misleading.  

These interim financial statements as of
and for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 are unaudited; however, in the opinion of management, such statements
include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of
operations and cash flows of the Company for the periods presented. The results for the three months ended June 30, 2018 are
not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending March 31, 2019 ( Fiscal 2019 ) or for
any future period. All references to June 30, 2018 and 2017 in these footnotes are unaudited. 

These unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for
the year ended March 31, 2018, included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June
29, 2018. 

The condensed consolidated balance sheet
as of March 31, 2018 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all
disclosures required by GAAP. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

The
Company considers all short-term highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity at the date of purchase of three months or
less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained at financial institutions and, at times, balances may exceed
federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses related to these balances.  

Use
of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue
and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. Included in these estimates
are assumptions used to estimate useful lives of intangible assets, calculate the beneficial conversion feature of convertible
notes payable and convertible preferred stock, deferred income tax asset valuation allowances, and valuation of derivative liabilities. 

Income Taxes  

The Company follows Accounting Standards
Codification subtopic 740-10, Income Taxes for recording the provision for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expense
or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability during each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is required to
reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance
are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change. Deferred income taxes may arise from temporary
differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred
taxes are classified as current or non-current, depending on the classification of assets and liabilities to which they relate.
Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current
depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and relate primarily to stock based compensation
basis differences. As of June 30, 2018 and March 31, 2018, the Company has provided a 100% valuation against the deferred
tax benefits.  

Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

The Company follows Accounting Standards
Codification subtopic ASC 260, Earnings Per Share for calculating the basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings
(loss) per share are computed by dividing earnings (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic loss per share except that the denominator is
increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had
been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Common share equivalents are excluded from the diluted earnings
(loss) per share computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. Common share equivalents of 497,039,750 and 108,895,440 were excluded
from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, because their
effect is anti-dilutive. 

Fair
Value   

Accounting Standards Codification subtopic
825-10, Financial Instruments requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The carrying amount reported
in the condensed consolidated balance sheet for accounts payable and accrued expenses and notes payable approximates fair value
because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. 

Convertible
Instruments   

The Company evaluates and accounts for
conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 815, Derivatives
and Hedging ( ASC 815 ). 

Professional standards generally provides
three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them
as free standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics
and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks
of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract
is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur
and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative
instrument.  Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be
conventional as defined under professional standards as  The Meaning of Conventional Convertible Debt Instrument . 

The
Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated
from their host instruments) in accordance with professional standards when  Accounting for Convertible Securities with
Beneficial Conversion Features,  as those professional standards pertain to  Certain Convertible Instruments. 
Accordingly, the Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options
embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment
date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements
are amortized over the term of the related debt to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary
deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between
the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the preferred shares transaction and the effective conversion
price embedded in the preferred shares.  

ASC
815-40 provides that, among other things, generally, if an event is not within the entity s control or could require net
cash settlement, then the contract shall be classified as an asset or a liability.  

Derivative
Instruments   

The
Company s derivative financial instruments consist of embedded derivatives related to the convertible debt and conversion
features embedded within our convertible debt. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that we record
the derivatives at their fair values as of the inception date of the debt agreements and at fair value as of each subsequent balance
sheet date. Any change in fair value was recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense at each balance sheet date. If
the fair value of the derivatives was higher at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded a non-operating, non-cash charge.
If the fair value of the derivatives was lower at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded non-operating, non-cash income.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine fair value of options and warrants granted as stock-based
compensation, which requires us to make judgments relating to the inputs required to be included in the model. In this regard,
the expected volatility is based on the historical price volatility of the Company s common stock. The dividend yield represents
the Company s anticipated cash dividend on common stock over the expected life of the stock options. The U.S. Treasury bill
rate for the expected life of the stock options is utilized to determine the risk-free interest rate. The expected term of stock
options represents the period of time the stock options granted are expected to be outstanding.  

Intangible
Assets   

Intangible
assets consist of the License and related software, website and iPhone App development costs. These costs will be amortized
over their estimated economic lives once placed in service. The assets have not been placed in service as of June 30, 2018.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

With the exception of those discussed below,
there have not been any recent changes in accounting pronouncements and Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) issued
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) during the three months ended June 30, 2018 that are of significance
or potential significance to the Company. 

In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07,
 Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Nonemployee Share-based Payment Accounting ,
as a simplification for the accounting for nonemployee share-based payment transactions resulting from expanding the scope of Topic
718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early
adoption permitted. We are evaluating the impact that ASU 2018-07 may have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09,
 Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting , ( Topic 718 )
which clarifies when to account for a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award as a modification. Under
the new guidance, modification accounting is required only if the fair value, the vesting conditions, or the classification of
the award changes as a result of the change in terms or conditions. If an award is not probable of vesting at the time a change
is made, the new guidance clarifies that no new measurement date will be required if there is no change to the fair value, vesting
conditions, and classification. Topic 718 will be applied prospectively and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard did not have a material
impact on the financial statements.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ( Topic 842 ) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 affects
any entity that enters into a lease, with some specified scope exemptions. The guidance in this update supersedes Topic 840, Leases.
The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases. A lessee
should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use
asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For public companies, the amendments in this update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which would
be the Company s fiscal year ending March 31, 2020. The Company does not expect the adoption of Topic 842 to have a material
effect on its business, its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory ( Topic
740 ), to improve and simplify the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other
than inventory, requiring companies to recognize income tax consequences upon the transfer of the asset to a third party. Topic
740 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods, which
would be the Company s fiscal year ending March 31, 2019. While the Company does not expect the adoption of Topic 740 to
have a material effect on its business, the Company is still evaluating any potential impact that adoption of Topic 740 may have
on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ( Topic
606 ) which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. Topic 606 establishes principles for recognizing
revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received
in exchange for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017 (including interim reporting periods within those periods). Early adoption is permitted to the original
effective date for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 (including interim reporting periods within those
periods). The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period (full retrospective) or retrospectively with the
cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application (modified retrospective). The Company adopted Topic 606 in
the first quarter of Fiscal 2019 and applied the full retrospective approach. The adoption of Topic 606 did not have a material
effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE
2   GOING CONCERN   

The Company s management has evaluated
whether there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and has determined that substantial
doubt existed as of the date of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the  Form 10-Q ).
This determination was based on the following factors: (i) the Company s available cash as of the date of this filing will
not be sufficient to fund its anticipated level of operations for the next 12 months; (ii) the Company will require additional
financing for the remainder of Fiscal 2019 to continue at its expected level of operations; and (iii) if the Company fails to obtain
the needed capital, it will be forced to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of its development activities or perhaps cease
operations. In the opinion of management, these factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern as of the date of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q and for one year from the issuance
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

There is no assurance that the Company
will be successful in any capital-raising efforts that it may undertake to fund operations during the next 12 months. The Company
anticipates that it will issue equity and/or debt securities as a source of liquidity, until it begins to generate positive cash
flow to support its operations. Any future sales of securities to finance operations will dilute existing stockholders  ownership.
The Company cannot guarantee when or if it will generate positive cash flow. 

The Company recently completed another
round of funding in the first quarter of Fiscal 2019. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in any
other capital-raising efforts that it may undertake to fund operations during the next 12 months. The Company anticipates that
it will issue equity and/or debt securities as a source of liquidity, until it begins to generate positive cash flow to support
its operations. Any future sales of securities to finance operations will dilute existing stockholders  ownership. The Company
cannot guarantee when or if it will generate positive cash flow.  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

NOTE 3   INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Intangible assets consist of the License
with Recruiter to use certain of Recruiter s proprietary software and related intellectual property. In consideration for
the License, the Company issued to Recruiter 125,000,000 shares of common stock. We have valued the License at $625,000. Recruiter
will receive 625,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock (the  Series B ) upon the launch of a functional software platform
and receipt of $10,000 in sales revenue. Recruiter is entitled to receive up to an additional 1,250,000 shares of Series B following
the achievement of certain milestones as provided for in the License. Recruiter shall provide VocaWorks with support services free
of charge, which shall include (i) a total of 2,400 hours of technology and development services to be provided by Recruiter personnel
during the two year period following the effective date, with a total value of $200,000; and (ii) marketing and advertising services,
which are available to Recruiter s general customers, and strategic marketing services, to be provided by Recruiter each
year during the four year period following the effective date, with a total value of $500,000. 

We also have capitalized software costs
of $69,000 related to the development of our website and iPhone app, both to be used in conjunction with the License acquired from
Recruiter. 

These assets have not been placed in service at June 30, 2018. 

NOTE
4   SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY   

Preferred stock  

The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000
shares of $0.0001 par value preferred stock. As of June 30, 2018 and March 31, 2018, the Company has 1,016,939 and 716,939 shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred
Stock  

On October 24, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designations (a  COD ) with the Delaware Secretary of State designating 700,000 shares of the Company s authorized
preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series A ), which converts into 200 shares of common
stock per share of Series A, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends or reverse splits and issuances
of securities at prices below the prevailing conversion price of the Series A. During the year ended March 31, 2018, the Company
entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (each a  SPA ) with the two Investors who converted their Notes into Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series C ) and Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series C-1 ).
Pursuant to the SPAs, the Investors paid the Company a total of $600,000 and purchased in the aggregate 600,000 of shares of Series
A and Warrants to purchase 120,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

Dividends accrue on the Series A at a rate
of 10% per annum. Holders of Series A are entitled to vote together with holders of the common stock on an as-converted basis,
subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99%. The Series A is redeemable in the same manner as the Series C and C-1, defined
below. The Series A is senior to all other preferred stock, except the Company s Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Series A-1 ) and the common stock upon liquidation of the Company. The Warrants have a five year term and an exercise
price of $0.01 per share, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends or reverse splits and issuances of
securities at prices below the prevailing exercise price of the Warrants. 

Series A-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred
Stock  

On May 25, 2018, the Company filed a COD
authorizing 600,000 shares of the Company s preferred stock as the Series A-1. The Series A-1 converts into 200 shares of
common stock per share of Series A-1, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends or reverse splits, and
issuances of securities at prices below the prevailing conversion price of the Series A-1. Dividends accrue on the Series
A-1 at a rate of 10% per annum. Holders of Series A-1 are entitled to vote together with holders of the common stock on an as-converted
basis, subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99%. The Series A-1 is redeemable upon the occurrence of certain triggering
events. 

On June 1, 2018, the Company entered into
SPAs with the Investors. Pursuant to the SPA, the Investors purchased a total of 300,000 of shares of Series A-1 and Warrants to
purchase 60,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for a total of $300,000. 

The Investors agreed to waive the Series A,
Series C and Series C-1 conversion price adjustments as they relate to the sale of the Series A-1 preferred stock. 

The Warrants have a five year term and an exercise
price of $0.01 per share, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends or reverse splits and issuances of
securities at prices below the prevailing exercise price of the Warrants. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock  

On October 24, 2017, the Company filed
a COD with the Delaware Secretary of State designating 1,875,000 shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock as Series
B which converts into 200 shares of common stock per share of Series B, subject to adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock
dividends and reverse splits. Recruiter will receive 625,000 shares of Series B upon the launch of a functional software platform
and receipt of $10,000 in sales revenue. Recruiter is entitled to receive up to an additional 1,250,000 shares of Series B following
the achievement of certain milestones as provided for in the License. 

Series C and Series C-1 Convertible
Redeemable Preferred Stock  

On October 24, 2017, the Company filed a COD
with the Delaware Secretary of State designating 102,100 shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock as Series C which
converts into 1,000 shares of common stock per share of Series C, subject to adjustments in the event of stock splits, stock dividends
and reverse splits and issuances of securities at prices below the prevailing conversion price of the Series C. In accordance with
the terms of the License, on October 30, 2017 holders of the Company s outstanding 4% Convertible Notes converted their 4%
Convertible Notes and accrued interest into 102,099.752 shares of Series C. 

Also on October 24, 2017, the Company filed
a COD with the Delaware Secretary of State designating 18,839 shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock as Series
C-1 which converts into 1,000 shares of common stock per share of Series C-1, subject to adjustments in the event of stock splits,
stock dividends and reverse splits and issuances of securities at prices below the prevailing conversion price of the Series C-1.
In accordance with the terms of the License, on October 30, 2017 holders of the Company s 10% Convertible Notes converted
their 10% Convertible Notes and accrued interest into 18,839 shares of Series C-1. 

Holders of shares of Series C and Series
C-1 may cause the Company to redeem in cash the outstanding shares of Series C and C-1 beginning on October 30, 2019, and earlier
than that date upon the occurrence of certain triggering events contained in the COD for the Series C and Series C-1, at a redemption
price based upon a formula contained in the COD for each series. Subject to the prior conversion, the total redemption price if
redeemed after two years from issuance is equal to the amount of the principal and accrued interest on the 4% Convertible Notes
and 10% Convertible Notes due as of the closing date plus potential additional amounts. 

During February 2018, the Company filed
an amendment to the Certificates of Designations for the Series C and Series C-1 extending the redemption date to October 2022
and reducing the redemption amount of the preferred shares then outstanding at a redemption price equal to one-half of the Conversion
Amount (as defined) of such preferred shares. During the three months ended June 30, 2018 we recorded a credit to additional paid
in capital of $25,702 as a result of the reduction in the redemption amount. During the year ended March 31, 2018 we recorded a
credit to additional paid in capital of $1,071,932 as a result of the reduction in the redemption amount. 

On February 1, 2018, the Company issued
4,000,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 4,000 shares of Series C. 

Common stock  

The Company is authorized to issue 250,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of June 30, 2018 and March 31, 2018 the Company had 131,554,197 shares
of common stock outstanding.  

On June 21, 2018, pursuant to shareholder approval,
the shareholders approved a reverse stock split in the range of one-for-50 to one-for-100 or any amount in between and a reduction
of its authorized common stock in order to save annual fees in Delaware. The reverse stock split has not yet been implemented. 

Common stock options  

During the three months ended June 30,
2018 the Company granted to various advisors an aggregate of 1,200,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $0.06 per
share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options vest on the one year
anniversary of grant. 

Common stock warrants  

In connection with the sale of our Series A-1
preferred stock, we issued an aggregate of 60,000,000 common stock purchase warrants to the Investors. The warrants are exercisable
any time on or after 90 days after the issuance date at an exercise price of $0.01 and expire, if unexercised, on June 1, 2023.
The exercise price and number of warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends or reverse splits
and issuances of securities at prices below the prevailing conversion price of the warrants. 

NOTE 5   STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS  

Stock options  

The Company granted to six nonemployee
advisors an aggregate of 1,200,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $0.06 per share, under the terms of the 2017
Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options vest upon the first anniversary of their grant. We have
recorded compensation expense of $25,000 related to the options during the three months ended June 30, 2018. We valued the options
using the Black Scholes Model with the following assumptions: (1) risk free interest rate of 2.73%; (2) dividend yield of 0%; (3)
volatility factor of the expected market price of our common stock of 381%; and (4) an expected life of 5 years.   

We recorded compensation expense of $37,617
related to options granted to an officer and directors during the previous fiscal year. 

Warrants   

In connection with the sale of our Series A-1
preferred stock, we issued an aggregate of 60,000,000 common stock purchase warrants to the purchasers of the preferred stock.
The warrants are exercisable any time on or after 90 days after the issuance date at an exercise price of $0.01 and expire, if
unexercised, on June 1, 2023. The exercise price and number of warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits,
stock dividends or reverse splits and issuances of securities at prices below the prevailing conversion price of the warrants. 

NOTE
6   REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK   

As
described in Note 4, we have issued shares of Series A, Series A-1, Series C, and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Since
the convertible preferred stock may ultimately be redeemable at the option of the holder, the carrying value of the preferred
stock has been classified as temporary equity on the balance sheet at June 30, 2018 and March 31, 2018. 

A portion of the proceeds from the sale
of our Series A-1 were allocated to the warrants based on their relative fair value, which totaled $288,000 using the Black Scholes
option pricing model. Further, we attributed a beneficial conversion feature of $7,188,000 to the Series A-1 based upon the difference
between the effective conversion price of those shares and the closing price of our common shares on the date of issuance. The
assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 380%, (3) risk-free
interest rate of 2.74%, (4) expected term of 5 years. The amount attributable to the warrants and beneficial conversion feature,
aggregating $7,476,000, has been recorded as a deemed dividend to the preferred shareholders and as a charge to additional paid-in
capital (since there is a deficit in retained earnings). 

For the three months ended June 30, 2018, we
have accrued dividends in the amount of $68,905. The accrued dividends have been charged to additional paid-in capital (since there
is a deficit in retained earnings) and the net unpaid accrued dividends have been added to the carrying value of the preferred
stock. Further, we attributed a beneficial conversion feature of $532,696 to the preferred dividends based upon the difference
between the effective conversion price of those dividends and the quarterly average closing price of our common shares. The amount
attributable to the beneficial conversion feature has been recorded as a deemed dividend to the preferred shareholders and as a
charge to additional paid-in capital (since there is a deficit in retained earnings). 

NOTE 7   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND
ACCRUED LIABILITIES  

As of June 30, 2018 and March 31, 2018,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities for the period ending are comprised of the following: 

NOTE 8   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    

The Company is subject to legal proceedings
and claims from time to time which arise in the ordinary course of its business. Although occasional adverse decisions or settlements
may occur, the Company believes that the final disposition of such matters should not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated
financial position, results of operations or liquidity.  

Recruiter will receive 625,000 shares of
Series B upon the launch of a functional software platform and receipt of $10,000 in sales revenue. Recruiter is entitled to receive
up to an additional 1,250,000 shares of Series B following the achievement of certain milestones as provided for in the License. 

NOTE 9    SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS  

Management evaluated all activities of the
Company through the issuance date of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and concluded that
no subsequent events have occurred that would require adjustments or disclosure into the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes
appearing elsewhere in this report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those set forth under  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018 as filed with the SEC. 

As used in this report,
the terms  Company ,  we ,  our ,  us  and  Truli  refer to Truli Technologies,
Inc. and its subsidiary, VocaWorks, Inc. and its former subsidiary TMC. 

Overview   

As described in Note 1
to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, on October 30, 2017 the Company entered into the License under which
Recruiter granted the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, VocaWorks, the License to use Recruiter s proprietary software
and related intellectual property. In consideration for the License, the Company issued Recruiter 125,000,000 shares of its common
stock. In addition, the Company created the Series B and agreed to issue Recruiter 625,000 shares of the Series B upon the launch
of a functional software platform and receipt of $10,000 in sales revenue. Recruiter is entitled to receive an additional 1,250,000
shares of Series B on the achievement of certain milestones as provided in the License. The Chief Executive Officer of Recruiter,
Miles Jennings, was appointed Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company in conjunction with entry into the License. 

Business of the Company  

The Company is developing
a software and mobile based platform and business under the VocaWorks brand name and moving into the rapidly expanding field of
online and mobile-enabled staffing and talent acquisition solutions, facilitated in part through its entry into the License. VocaWorks
will initially offer a native mobile iOS app solution, as well as a web-based SaaS platform offering and will facilitate the hiring
of personnel, including project-based consultants, focusing initially on specialized technology talent for tech projects. On June
12, 2018, we announced the alpha launch of our software platform. The Company intends to conduct a beta stage testing of VocaWorks
this year and launch a final version of VocaWorks by the end of Fiscal 2019. The VocaWorks platform is an on-demand, cloud and
mobile-based platform. Its key differentiator is its ability to source candidates directly from educational partners and a SaaS-based
model for onboarding technology consultants. Its initial focus will be a number of industries in the New York City market. 

Truli has not generated
any revenue from its former or new business strategy and there can be no assurances that we will do so in the future. 

Results of Operations  

The results of operations
include TMC through October 30, 2017 and VocaWorks from that date forward. 

Three Months Ended June 30, 2018 Compared
to Three Months Ended June 30, 2017:  

The Company had no revenue
for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2018 or 2017. VocaWorks has recently begun to implement its new business plan commencing
with the execution of the License agreement with Recruiter. Truli officially launched its website on July 10, 2012 but did not
generate revenue through the date of disposition of TMC. Net loss (before dividends on preferred stock) of $280,603 and net loss
of $102,752 for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, resulted from the operational activities described
below. 

Operating expenses
totaled $280,603 and $108,320 during the three-month periods ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The increase in operating
expenses is the result of the following factors. 

The Company incurred marketing,
general and administrative expenses of $280,603 and $108,320 for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively,
principally comprised of marketing, employee compensation, website development costs, and professional, legal, administrative,
and consulting fees. The increase of 159% in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily attributable to increased compensation (including
stock based compensation), professional fees and other fees. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Other income (expense)
is comprised of interest and financing costs and income related to the change in fair value of our derivative liabilities. The
decrease in interest expense in the 2018 three month period compared to the 2017 three month period results from the settlement
of debt. The change in the fair value of our derivative liabilities results primarily from the changes in our stock price and
the volatility of our common stock during the reported periods. We had no debt and no derivative liabilities in the 2018 period.  

Preferred Stock Dividends  

We have recorded dividends
and deemed dividends on our preferred stock in the amount of $8,077,600 during the three months ended June 30, 2018, consisting
of accrued dividends and the beneficial conversion feature of the preferred stock. Please see Note 6 to the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We expect to continue
to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. As of June 30, 2018, we had an accumulated deficit of $6,511,810 compared
to $6,231,207 as of March 31, 2018. The increase is attributable to the net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2018. 

Our net cash used in operating
activities was $213,093 and $84,339 for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The increase in cash used
is primarily attributable to an increase in loss (after adjusting for non-cash items) of approximately $82,000 and a decrease in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately $51,000. Cash used in investing activities during the three months ended
June 30, 2018 consisted of expenditures for software development of approximately $12,000. There were no cash flows from investing
activities for the three months ended June 30, 2017. Net cash provided by financing activities was $300,000 for the three months
ended June 30, 2018, from the sale of preferred stock. Net cash provided by financing activities was $101,000 for the three months
ended June 30, 2017 with the funding coming from $61,000 advanced by the Founder and $40,000 from the sale of convertible notes. 

The Company had previously
funded its operations primarily through advances from the Founder. The Company s recent funding has come through the sale
of convertible preferred stock. 

The audit report prepared
by our independent registered public accounting firm relating to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the
year ended March 31, 2018 included an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

The Company s
management has evaluated whether there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and
has determined that substantial doubt existed as of the date of the end of the period covered by this Report. This determination
was based on the following factors: (i) the Company s available cash as of the date of this filing will not be sufficient
to fund its anticipated level of operations for the next 12 months; (ii) the Company will require additional financing for Fiscal
2019 to continue at its expected level of operations; and (iii) if the Company fails to obtain the needed capital, it will be forced
to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of its development activities or perhaps cease operations. In the opinion of management,
these factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern as of the
date of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

The Company does not
have sufficient cash resources to meet its working capital needs for the next 12 months. Accordingly, it needs to raise capital
to remain operational. 

There is no assurance
that the Company will be successful in any capital-raising efforts that it may undertake to fund operations during the next 12
months. The Company anticipates that it will issue equity and/or debt securities as a source of liquidity, until it begins to generate
positive cash flow to support its operations. Any future sales of securities to finance operations will dilute existing stockholders 
ownership. The Company cannot guarantee when or if it will generate positive cash flow. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This report includes forward-looking
statements including statements regarding our new VocaWorks business, the launch of a beta and final VocaWorks platform and our
liquidity. 

The words  believe, 
 may,   estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   should, 
 plan,   could,   target,   potential,   is likely,   will, 
 expect  and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have
based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends
that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. 

The results anticipated
by any or all of these forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties and risks that may cause actual
results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include delays affecting the development and functionality of
the software we are licensing, competition, our management s ability to deal with conflicts of interest and events affecting
capital markets in general and microcap companies in particular. Further information on our risk factors is contained in our filings
with the SEC, including the Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018. Factors or events that could cause our actual results
to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

None 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Critical Accounting Estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Included in these
estimates are assumptions about inputs used to estimate useful lives of intangible assets, calculate beneficial conversion of convertible
notes payable and convertible preferred stock, deferred income tax asset valuation allowances, and valuation of derivative liabilities. 

Convertible Instruments  

The Company evaluates
and accounts for conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with professional standards for  Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . 

Professional standards
generally provide three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and
account for them as free-standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the
economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics
and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract
is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur
and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument.
Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be conventional as defined
under professional standards as  The Meaning of  Conventional Convertible Debt Instrument . 

The Company accounts
for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their host
instruments) in accordance with professional standards when  Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion
Features,  as those professional standards pertain to  Certain Convertible Instruments.  Accordingly, the Company
records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments
based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction
and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of
the related debt to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary deemed dividends for the intrinsic
value of conversion options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common
stock at the commitment date of the preferred shares transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the preferred shares. 

ASC 815-40 provides
that, among other things, generally, if an event is not within the entity s control or could require net cash settlement,
then the contract shall be classified as an asset or a liability. 

Derivative Instruments  

The Company s
derivative financial instruments consist of embedded derivatives related to the convertible debt and conversion features embedded
within our convertible debt. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that we record the derivatives
at their fair values as of the inception date of the debt agreements and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date.
Any change in fair value was recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense at each balance sheet date. If the fair value
of the derivatives was higher at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded a non-operating, non-cash charge. If the fair value
of the derivatives was lower at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded non-operating, non-cash income. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company utilizes
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine fair value of options and warrants granted as stock-based compensation, which
requires us to make judgments relating to the inputs required to be included in the model. In this regard, the expected volatility
is based on the historical price volatility of the Company s common stock. The dividend yield represents the Company s
anticipated cash dividend on common stock over the expected life of the stock options. The U.S. Treasury bill rate for the expected
life of the stock options is utilized to determine the risk-free interest rate. The expected term of stock options represents the
period of time the stock options granted are expected to be outstanding. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

With the exception of those discussed below,
there have not been any recent changes in accounting pronouncements and Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) issued
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) during the three months ended June 30, 2018 that are of significance
or potential significance to the Company. 

In June 2018, the FASB
issued ASU 2018-07,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Nonemployee Share-based Payment
Accounting , as a simplification for the accounting for nonemployee share-based payment transactions resulting from expanding
the scope of Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the impact that ASU 2018-07 may have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2017, the FASB issued
ASU 2017-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting , ( Topic
718 ) which clarifies when to account for a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award as a modification.
Under the new guidance, modification accounting is required only if the fair value, the vesting conditions, or the classification
of the award changes as a result of the change in terms or conditions. If an award is not probable of vesting at the time a change
is made, the new guidance clarifies that no new measurement date will be required if there is no change to the fair value, vesting
conditions, and classification. Topic 718 will be applied prospectively and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard did not have a material
impact on the financial statements.  

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ( Topic 842 ) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.
Topic 842 affects any entity that enters into a lease, with some specified scope exemptions. The guidance in this update supersedes
Topic 840, Leases. The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from
leases. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)
and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For public companies, the amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years, which would be the Company s fiscal year ending March 31, 2020. The Company does not expect the adoption of Topic
842 to have a material effect on its business, its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In October 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory ( Topic 740 ),
to improve and simplify the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory,
requiring companies to recognize income tax consequences upon the transfer of the asset to a third party. Topic 740 is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods, which would be the Company s
fiscal year ending March 31, 2019. While the Company does not expect the adoption of Topic 740 to have a material effect on its
business, the Company is still evaluating any potential impact that adoption of Topic 740 may have on its financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ( Topic 606 ) which amended the existing accounting
standards for revenue recognition. Topic 606 establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services.
In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (including interim
reporting periods within those periods). Early adoption is permitted to the original effective date for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016 (including interim reporting periods within those periods). The amendments may be applied retrospectively
to each prior period (full retrospective) or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application
(modified retrospective). The Company adopted Topic 606 in the first quarter of Fiscal 2019 and applied the full retrospective
approach. The adoption of Topic 606 did not have a material effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not applicable as we
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 229.10(f) (1). 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

We are required to
maintain  disclosure controls and procedures  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Based on an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Report on Form 10-Q, our Chief Executive Officer
who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to
ensure that the information relating to our company, required to be disclosed in our SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as a result of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15f of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three
months ended June 30, 2018 that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

As of the date of this
Report, there are no material pending legal or governmental proceedings relating to our Company or properties to which we are a
party, and, to our knowledge, there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, executive officers or affiliates
are a party adverse to us or which have a material interest adverse to us. 

ITEM 1A. - RISK FACTORS  

Not required. 

ITEM 2 - UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Except as disclosed
below we have previously disclosed all sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

During the three months
ended June 30, 2018 the Company granted to various advisors an aggregate of 1,200,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable
at $0.06 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options vest
on the one year anniversary of grant. 

ITEM 3 - DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable 

ITEM 5 - OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6 -  EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits
are filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q: 

*  
      Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.   

**  
      This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K.   

+  
      Certain schedules, appendices and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplemental to the Securities and Exchange Commission staff upon request.   

Copies of this
report (including the financial statements) and any of the exhibits referred to above will be furnished at no cost to our shareholders
who make a written request to Truli Technologies, Inc., at the address on the cover page of this report, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: August 14,
    2018  
       TRULI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Miles Jennings   

Miles Jennings   

Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

17 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0618ex31-1_trulitech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

I, Miles Jennings, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Truli Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 14, 2018 

/s/ Miles Jennings  

Miles Jennings 
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0618ex31-2_trulitech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

I, Miles Jennings, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Truli Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 14, 2018 

/s/
    Miles Jennings  

Miles Jennings 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0618ex32-1_trulitech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In
connection with the quarterly report of Truli Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2018, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Miles Jennings, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  
      The
    quarterly report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the quarterly report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
    of operations of the Company.   

/s/
    Miles Jennings  

Miles Jennings 
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive
        Officer)  

Dated: August 14, 2018 

In connection with
the quarterly report of Truli Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Miles Jennings, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350,
as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  
      The
    quarterly report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the quarterly report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
    of operations of the Company.   

/s/
    Miles Jennings  

Miles Jennings 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)  

Dated: August 14, 2018 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 trli-20180630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 trli-20180630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 trli-20180630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 trli-20180630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 trli-20180630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 trli-20180630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

