HANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-K  

Annual
Report PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2017  

or  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the Transition Period from               
  to                 .  

Commission file number 000-1658880  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

IDAHO    
        47-5572388     
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       Identification No.)    

3604 S. Banner Street  

  Boise, Idaho  

    (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code.) 

(208) 898-9379   

 (Telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

Title of each class  
      Name of each exchange on which registered   
 
       Common   
       OTC Markets    

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share   

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer,  accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company       

Emerging Growth Company       

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes         No     

State the aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was
last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter: $1,645,000 as of April 30, 2017. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of
the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 31,845,000 shares of common stock as of September
21, 2018. 

Documents Incorporated By Reference:  None  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.   

  OCTOBER 31, 2017  

INDEX TO FORM 10-K  

Page No.    

PART I     
     4  
 
      Item 1.  
       
       Business   
     4  
 
      Item 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
     6  
 
      Item 1B.  
       
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
     6  
 
      Item 2.  
       
       Properties   
     6  
 
      Item 3.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
     6  
 
      Item 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     6  

PART II    
     7  
 
      Item 5.  
       
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer    Purchases of Equity Securities   
     7  
 
      Item 6.  
       
       Selected Financial Data   
     8  
 
      Item 7.  
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     8  
 
      Item 7A.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     13  
 
      Item 8.  
       
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
     13  
 
      Item 9.  
       
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     14  
 
      Item 9A.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
     14  
 
      Item 9B.  
       
       Other Information   
     15  

PART III    
     15  
 
      Item 10.  
       
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
     15  
 
      Item 11.  
       
       Executive Compensation   
     16  
 
      Item 12.  
       
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related     Stockholder Matters   
     17  
 
      Item 13.  
       
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
     18  
 
      Item 14.  
       
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
     18  

PART IV    
     19  
 
      Item 15.  
       
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
     19  

Signatures   
     20  

PART I  

  Note about Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements in this report, other than purely
historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating
results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, the following
sections:  Business,   Management's Discussion and Analysis,  and  Risk Factors.  These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words  believe,   project,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   intend,   strategy,   future,   opportunity,   plan, 
 may,   should,   will,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will
likely result,  and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that
are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future
events, or otherwise. 

Item 1, Business  

On November 12, 2015 Bare Metal
Standard ( Bare Metal ,  BMS  or the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State
of Idaho as a corporation capitalizing on the current growth in commercial kitchen. With the core competency of servicing commercial
kitchen grease exhaust systems the Company s strategy is to leverage this required service to capture a national footprint
of commercial kitchen customers through the franchise model of their Bare Metal Standard brand. The Company is focused exclusively
on the restaurant industry and specifically the engine that drives this business the commercial kitchen. The Company seeks to develop
synergistic services required by commercial kitchens to keep them Safe, Health and Efficient. The Company views the market in three
customer categories; a. Healthcare, b. Institutional and c. Restaurants.   

Bare Metal Standard provides
franchise opportunities in the services of commercial kitchen grease exhaust systems (GES). 

Bare Metal Standard supports
all its franchises through a centralized workflow system named Shifts Software that the company created and owns.  This
application is capable of managing hundreds of franchisees and thousands of customer locations.  The workflow system
exists on redundant servers throughout the USA to ensure connectivity. The company purchases consumables to leverage its buying
power and maintain its uniformity. Our franchisees will purchase, directly from us, to maintain the same quality products
and uniformity in our cleaning process. 

The Company s business
model comes from the traditional franchise model that has proven to be successful for many service focused offerings.  The
primary value of our business model is to leverage the knowledge, capital and passion, equipment and processes to build a national
brand to deliver a consistent level of services throughout the United States and beyond. Once we are operational with clients
the business model is secure with recurring revenue from the required service (by code NFPA 96) on a quarterly basis (quarterly
is typical, some potential customers are monthly, every 2, 4, 6 months to a few who go annually). The NFPA (National
Fire Protection Associations) guidelines are adopted by insurance companies and local fire departments for the safety of the public.
It has become mandatory for industrial kitchens to maintain a monthly, quarterly or semiannual cleaning schedule depending on what
they cook.   A barbecue restaurant would be required to clean their hoods monthly compared to a nursing homes semiannual
cleaning. Local authority departments monitor these schedules with onsite inspections. Our mission is to transform this business
sector into a rationalized national brand that will have the strength to expand throughout the United States and beyond. 

Our principal service is providing support and training
for our franchisees helping them to become successful utilizing our proven track record. We do not own any patents or trademarks
but we are licensed in the appropriate states that we offer under the franchising laws of that State. 

We are registered in all the
States in the United States to sell and operate our franchises except the following 10 States; 

California  
      Hawaii  
      Illinois  

Maryland  
      Michigan  
      New York  

North Dakota  
      South Dakota  
      Rhode Island  

Wisconsin  

We intend to register
in the remaining States as needed. 

We have entered into an agreement
with Taylor Brothers Inc. (a company with common officers and shareholders) to use three of their offices. The rent will be $5,000
per month, when Bare Metal Standard completes required funding to support ongoing operations. 

On March 1, 2017,
we entered into a management agreement with Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc.  Taylor Brothers  or Taylor
Brothers Holdings , which is an operating company and has common majority shareholders and directors. The officers and
directors of Bare Metal Standard were officers and directors of Taylor Brothers. James Bedal and Mike Taylor have resigned
their positions with Taylor Brothers and work full time for Bare Metal Standard. The agreement term has no expiration and can
be terminated by the Company at any time with written notice to the other partner. As a result of the management agreement,
Bare Metal is to provide, on behalf of Taylor Brothers, certain management services, having full authorization, on behalf
of Taylor Brothers to provide all the services and all the activities, normally provided by Taylor Brothers, under the
Taylor Brothers franchise agreements, previously entered into by Taylor Brothers and the franchisees Bare Metal became
responsible for servicing franchisee agreements and receiving 100% of the revenues associated with those agreements assumed
for the support and maintenance of the preexisting franchise agreements of Taylor Brothers Holdings franchisees as
Taylor Brothers Holdings has ceased selling franchises. Bare Metal is due all collections from franchisees. Bare Metal
Standard assumed the business operations of the existing franchise agreements while potential liabilities arising from said
agreements will remain with Taylor Brothers. Additionally, on November 1, 2017 Bare Metal, entered into a royalty free
license agreement with Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc. with the right to sublease, the use of Trade Name Bare Metal Standard
and related industry know-how including proprietary software in exchange for a monthly fee of $2,000 paid in arrears. As a
result of the above transactions with Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc., under Regulation S-X for reporting purposes Taylor
Brother Holdings Inc. is considered a business. Thus, Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc. is viewed as Predecessor entity for
reporting purposes, and Bare Metal is viewed as a Successor entity. For purposes of the following discussion, we compare the
combined results of Bare Metal Standard Inc. for the eight months ended October 31, 2017 and Taylor Brothers Holdings for the
four months ended February 28, 2017, to the results of Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc. for the 12 months ended October 31,
2016.  A black line separates the Predecessor and Successor financial statements to
highlight the lack of comparability between these periods.  

We believe that our potential customers
understand the financial and reputational risks associated with inadequate maintenance of their kitchen hoods and that our high-quality,
professional services are low-cost expenditures when compared to the alternative of failing to perform essential maintenance. We
strive to be the service provider of choice and believe the commercial kitchen industry of over 1million locations in the United
States collectively have recognized the value proposition of complying with the required fire and insurance regulations. As evidenced
by our long-standing customer relationships our management team has and the high rate at which our customers renew their contracts
from year to year we are confident Bare Metal Standard possesses the tools required to develop a national brand with franchisees
in every major market within the United States. 

Our focus on attracting and
retaining new customers as our franchisees begins with our associates in the field, who interact with commercial kitchen managers,
fire departments, insurance companies and facility managers every day. Our associates bring a strong level of passion and commitment
to the Bare Metal Standard brand. We have extensive experience to bring to our new company. Our field organization is supported
by dedicated customer service and call center personnel. Our culture of continuous improvement drives an intense focus on the quality
of the services delivered, which we believe produces high levels of customer satisfaction and, ultimately, customer retention and
referrals. 

Our expansion, both in existing
markets of potential franchisees, where we have capacity to increase our local market position with franchises, and in new
markets through detailed assessments of local economic conditions and demographics, we have identified target markets where we
see opportunities. We intend to grow our presence through strategic franchise expansions and additional licensing agreements. 

Competition  

We may not have the resources
to compete with our existing competitors or with any new competitors. We intend to complete our raise of capital so that we can
award franchisees in all major markets inside the United States and are confident our process and procedures are capable of supporting
a healthy competition for customers in all three customer categories; Healthcare, Institutional and Restaurant. 

Moreover, as compliance to authority
having jurisdiction (fire dept. insurance co. health dept.) requirements increase demand for the servicing of commercial kitchen
grease exhaust systems increases, new companies may enter the market and the influx of added competition will pose an increased
risk to our Company. Increased competition may lead to price wars at the Restaurant category; however, at this point we have a
technological advantage on the more complicated systems found in Healthcare and Institutional customer categories. Thus, there
is a significant risk of for markets where we have yet to place a franchisee, providing new competitors the time to improve their
technology and gain a foothold in markets we are absent. 

Intellectual Property  

We rely or plan to rely on a
combination of trademark, copyright, trade secret and patent laws in the United States, as well as confidentiality procedures and
contractual provisions to protect our commercial kitchen grease exhaust system maintenance methodologies and any new methodologies
we might develop in the future. We currently have no pending patents nor trademarks. 

From time to time, we expect
that we may encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. Also, the efforts management has taken
to protect its proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of its intellectual property rights
could harm the existing business, the brand and reputation, and the ability of the business to compete on a going forward basis.
Also, protecting our intellectual property rights could be costly and time consuming. 

Employees  

We currently have six employees.
Our CEO performs all duties related to the operations of this business. We also plan to utilize additional independent contractors
on a part-time/as needed basis. 

Item 1A, Risk Factors  

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 1B, Unresolved Staff Comments   

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 2, Properties  

Our corporate headquarters are
located at: 3604 S. Banner Street, Boise, Idaho 83709. We do not own any real property. Management believes that its current facilities
are adequate for its needs through the next twelve months, and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available
to accommodate expansion of the Company's operations on commercially reasonable terms, although there can be no assurance in this
regard. 

Item 3, Legal Proceedings  

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware
of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Item 4, Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5, Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Our Common Stock is listed to trade in the over-the-counter
securities market through the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) Automated Quotation Bulletin Board System,
under the symbol  BRMT . 

The following table sets forth the quarterly high and
low closing prices for our Common Stock during the last fiscal year, as reported by OTC Markets. The quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The Company became effective on January 18, 2017 and
first listed its common stock for trading on June 22, 2017. 

Holders  

As of October 31, 2017, we had 103
holders of our common stock and an unknown number of shareholders who hold stock in street name (CEDE  
Co.)  As of such date, 31,645,000 shares were issued and outstanding. 

Dividend Policy   

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our
common stock or other securities and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as the board of directors deem relevant. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

None 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

Successor  

Common Stock  

On January 21, 2016, the Company issued 30,000,000
common shares, at a cost of $0.001 per share, to its three officers and directors and 1,000,000 common shares to a consultant to
reimburse them for expenses incurred and for services provided. 

Between February 8, 2016 and
October 31, 2016, the Company sold 475,000 common shares units to third party investors at a cost of $0.50 per unit for total proceeds
of $237,500. Each unit consists of one share of our common stock, and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock within
24 months of issuance, for $2.00. During the eight months ended October 31, 2017 (Successor) the Company issued 60,000 common shares
at a cost of $0.50 per share for cash proceeds of $30,000 and 70,000 common shares issued for services and valued at $35,000 and
accounted for as stock based compensation. 

Predecessor 

On October 31, 2016 Taylor Brothers Holdings, Inc had
10,000 authorized with a par value of $1.00 each and 1,200 issued and fully paid. 

Common Stock Warrants  

Between February 8, 2016 and October 31, 2016, the
Company sold 475,000 common share units for $0.50 per unit, for a total of $237,500.  E ach
unit consists of one share of our common stock, and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock within 24 months of
issuance, for $2.00.  The warrants vest upon grant date and expire between February 8, 2018 and October 31, 2018.  

Transfer Agent  

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is QuickSilver Stock Transfer located at 1980 Festival Plaza Dr., Ste. 530 Las Vegas, Nevada. 

Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities  

The Company is using the proceeds from the sale of its
units of common stock and warrants for general working capital purposes. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers  

None 

Item 6, Selected Financial Data  

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Results of Operations  

Successor and Predecessor
Financial Presentation  

The following discussion of the financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included herewith. This discussion should not
be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached
herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. 

For the eight month ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal
Inc. (Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor): 

On March 1, 2017, we entered into a management
agreement with Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc., which is an operating company and has common majority shareholders and
directors. The officers and directors of Bare Metal Standard were officers and directors of Taylor Brothers. James Bedal and
Mike Taylor have resigned their positions with Taylor Brothers and work full time for Bare Metal Standard. The agreement term
has no expiration and can be terminated by the Company at any time with written notice to the other partner. As a result of
the management agreement, Bare Metal is to provide, on behalf of Taylor Brothers, certain management services, having full
authorization, on behalf of Taylor Brothers to provide all the services and all the activities, normally provided by Taylor
Brothers, under the Taylor Brothers franchise agreements, previously entered into by Taylor Brothers and the franchisees Bare
Metal became responsible for servicing franchisee agreements and receiving 100% of the revenues associated with those
agreements assumed for the support and maintenance of the preexisting franchise agreements of Taylor Brothers Holdings
franchisees as Taylor Brothers Holdings has ceased selling franchises. Bare Metal is due all collections from franchisees.
Bare Metal Standard assumed the business operations of the existing franchise agreements while potential liabilities arising
from said agreements will remain with Taylor Brothers. Additionally, on November 1, 2017 Bare Metal ,  entered
into a royalty free license agreement with Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc. with the right to sublease, the use of Trade Name
Bare Metal Standard and related industry know-how including proprietary software in exchange for a monthly fee of $2,000 paid
in arrears. As a result of the above transactions with Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc., under Regulation S-X for reporting
purposes Taylor Brother Holdings Inc. is considered a business. Thus, Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc. is viewed as Predecessor
entity for reporting purposes, and Bare Metal is viewed as a Successor entity. For purposes of the following discussion, we
compare the combined results of Bare Metal Standard Inc. for the eight months ended October 31, 2017 and Taylor Brothers
Holdings for the four months ended February 28, 2017, to the results of Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc. for the 12 months ended
October 31, 2016.  A black line separates the Predecessor and Successor financial
statements to highlight the lack of comparability between these periods.  

Revenue  

During the eight months ended
October 31, 2017, Bare Metal (Successor) generated franchise fee revenue, from non-related parties of $292,996 plus $87,925, generated
by Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) for the four months ended February 28, 2017, compared to $292,788 generated by Taylor
Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016. During the eight months ended October 31, 2017,
Bare Metal (Successor) generated $201,429 plus $59,363, by Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) during the four months ended
February 28, 2017, from related party franchisees while Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) generated $323,019, from related
parties, during the twelve months ended October 31, 2016. Total revenue from franchise fees, from all franchisees, totaled $494,425
for the eight months ended October 31, 2017 plus $147,288 compared to $615,807 for the year ended October 31, 2016. Although revenue
from related party franchisees decreased, due to the acquisition of long term equipment, by Taylor Brothers (Predecessor) during
the year ended October 31, 2016, organic growth from other franchisees more than offset the decrease. Management anticipates revenues
to increase once the franchise initiatives are funded and underway. None of the initiatives have begun. 

For the eight months ended October
31, 2017, Bare Metal (Successor) experienced a net loss of $79,822 plus $64,074 by Taylor Brothers. Holdings for the four months
ended February 28, 2017, as compared to Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) net income of $2,149 for the previous year. This
primarily resulted from higher general   administrative expenses $255,688 during fiscal 2017 compared to $152,976 for fiscal
2016. Also, administrative and officer compensation increased slightly to $438,917 for the year ended October 31, 2017 from $428,441
for the year ended October 31, 2016. The higher level of general and administrative expense is likely to continue given the costs
of maintaining the company as a public company. 

Bare Metal (Successor) generated
total revenues of $494,425 for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, plus $147,288, generated by Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor)
for the four months ended February 28, 2017 compared to $615,807 of revenue generated by Taylor Brothers (Predecessor) during the
year ended October 31, 2016. As of October 31, 2017, Bare Metal (Successor) had an accumulated deficit of $314,061. There can be
no assurances that the Company can achieve or sustain profitability or that the Company's operating losses will not increase in
the future. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company is authorized to
issue 80,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock. As of October 31, 2017, the Company has 31,645,000 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. As of October 31, 2017, the Company had current assets of $85,839 and current liabilities of $46,350. 

The Company has limited financial
resources available, which has had an adverse impact on the Company's liquidity, activities and operations. In order for the Company
to remain a going concern it will need to find additional capital or generate revenues. Additional working capital may be sought
through additional debt or equity private placements, additional notes payable to banks or related parties (officers, directors
or stockholders), or from other available funding sources at market rates of interest, or a combination of these. The ability to
raise necessary financing will depend on many factors, including the nature and prospects of any business to be acquired and the
economic and market conditions prevailing at the time financing is sought. No assurances can be given that any necessary financing
can be obtained on terms favorable to the Company, or at all. 

Management believes the Company
has sufficient cash assets, coupled with Managements  ability to provide additional funds through the sale of equity securities,
to fund its operations and keep the Company fully reporting for the next twelve (12) months. 

Working Capital  

Bare Metal (Successor) as of
October 31, 2017 had current assets of $85,839 and current liabilities of $46,350 or working capital of $38,489 compared to Taylor
Brothers (Predecessor) as of October 31, 2016, which had current assets of $109,256 and current liabilities of $205,969 or a negative
working capital of $96,713. 

Operating Activities  

During the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare
Metal (Successor) utilized cash in the amount of $75,038 and $17,953 used by Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc. (Predecessor) for the
four months ended February 28, 2017, to pay for operating activities, compared to $4,739 of cash provided by Taylor Brothers (Predecessor)
operations for the twelve months ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor). 

Investing Activities  

Neither Bare Metal (Successor) nor Taylor Brothers (Predecessor)
generated any funds from investing activities during the eight months ended October 31, 2017, the four months ended February 28,
2017 nor the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor). 

Financing Activities   

During the eight months ended October 31, 2017 Bare Metal
(Successor) sold 60,000 common stock for $30,000 cash. During the four months ended February 28, 2017 Taylor Brothers Holdings
(Predecessor) repaid $34,587 of related party notes payable and $2,839 of notes payable. During that same time period Taylor Brothers
received $2,250 from a related party note payable. As a result, Bare Metal (Successor) received $30,000 from financing activities
during the eight months ended October 31, 2017, while Taylor Brothers Holdings, (Predecessor) used $35,176 during the four months
ended February 28, 2017 compared to Taylor Brothers (Predecessor) receiving $28,635 during the year ended October 31, 2016. The
change is mainly due to the borrowings of approximately $109,000 and repayments of approximately $80,000 during October 31, 2016
(Predecessor) compared to no borrowings or loan repayments during the eight months ended October 31, 2017 (Successor). . 

Plan of Operation  

Bare Metal s (Successor)
plan of operation is to provide franchise opportunities in the services of commercial kitchen grease exhaust systems (GES)
as well as providing franchisee management systems in other industries. As of October 31, 2017, we had $6,509 cash on hand and
accounts receivable of $31,004 plus $16,355 accounts receivable from a related party. Management believes, without any additional
funding or revenues, the Company has to continue to sell equity securities to finance its operations and continued growth. We will
apply any proceeds from future revenues to help cover our expenditures. At this time, management anticipates it will be required
to seek outside funding to keep its business operational for the next twelve months, and will continue its efforts to seek additional
funding. 

Future funding could result
in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses
related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations
and financial condition. Any future acquisitions of other businesses, technologies, services or product(s) might require the Company
to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which might not be available on terms favorable to the Company, or at all, and such
financing, if available, might be dilutive. 

Going Concern  

Our independent auditors included
an explanatory paragraph in their report on the October 31, 2017 audited financial statements regarding concerns about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that
lead to this disclosure by our independent auditors. Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon the successful
completion of additional financing arrangements and our ability to achieve and maintain profitable operations. 

Therefore, management plans
to raise equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the Company. While the Company is devoting its best
efforts to achieve the above plans, there is no assurance that any such activity will generate funds that will be available for
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

Summary of any product research
and development that we will perform for the term of our plan of operation.  

We do not anticipate performing
any product research and development under our current plan of operation. 

Expected purchase or sale
of plant and significant equipment.  

We do not anticipate the purchase
or sale of any plant or significant equipment; as such items are not required by us at this time. 

Significant changes in the
number of employees.  

As of October 31, 2017, Bare
Metal (Successor) had four full time employees and two officers. We are dependent upon our two officers for our future business
development. As our operations expand we anticipate the need to hire additional employees, consultants and professionals; however,
the exact number is not quantifiable at this time.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to investors.  

Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates  

Revenue Recognition: The Company's revenue is derived
from the sale of franchises, and products, services and the training necessary to support the franchisees under its Management
agreement with Taylor Brothers, and a percentage of franchisees  revenue invoiced to their clients, plus specific charges
for software usage, sale of consumables and consulting services.  

The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or
realizable and earned, and therefore only recognizes revenue when a franchise agreement has been entered into and the franchise
fee received. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of products, royalties, and services when the product has been shipped
or the services have been provided in accordance with the contract entered into with the customer. Payments received in advance
of satisfaction of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are recorded as advances from customers. The Company has no responsibility
for collections, of trade debt, owed to a franchisee by the franchisees  clients and therefore will not create an allowance
for potential uncollectable obligations owing to it by the franchisee, unless it is determined that the franchisee will default
on its obligation the Company. In accordance with the guidance in FASB Topic ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition , the Company recognizes
revenue when (a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (b) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (c) the
fee is fixed or determinable, and (d) collectability is reasonable assured. 

New Accounting Standards  

The Company's management has
evaluated all the recently issued accounting pronouncements through the filing date of these financial statements and does not
believe that any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Our financial statements and related public financial
information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). GAAP
requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact
on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained
in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial condition. We believe our use of
estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates
made during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Our significant accounting policies are summarized in
Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies impact our financial condition
and results of operations, we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to be critical are those policies
that have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements and require management to use a greater degree of
judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given current facts and circumstances,
it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause effect on our results of operations,
financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report. 

Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk  

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

See F-1. 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED  

  PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

  AND  

  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Inc. (Successor) and
October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Inc. (Successor) and four months ended
February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor): 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
      F-3   

Balance Sheets   
      F-4   

Statements of Operations   
      F-5   

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)   
      F-6   

Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-7   

Notes to Financial Statements   
      F-8   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Bare Metal Standard, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements   

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheet of Bare Metal Standard, Inc. (the  Company  or  Successor ) as of October 31, 2017 and the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the eight months ended October
31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the  financial statements ). We have also audited the
accompanying balance sheet of Taylor Brothers Holdings, Inc. (the  Predecessor ) as of October 31, 2016 and the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the four months ended February 28,
2017 and the year ended October 31, 2016, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the  financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
October 31, 2017 and the Predecessor as of October 31, 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the eight
months ended October 31, 2017 and the four months ended February 28, 2017 and the year ended October 31, 2016, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter   

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company and the Predecessor will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 1  to the financial statements, the Company and the Predecessor have suffered recurring losses from operations and have
a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion   

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s and the Predecessor s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s and the Predecessor s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ( PCAOB ) and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company and the Predecessor in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company and the Predecessor
are not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's and the Predecessor s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP  

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's
auditor since 2016. 

 Houston, Texas 

 September 25, 2018 

Bare Metal Standard, Inc.  

   Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part
of these financial statements  

Bare Metal Standard, Inc.  

   Statements of Operations 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of
these financial statements  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

   Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

 For the year ended October 31, 2016 and four months ended
February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017 (Successor) 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part
of these financial statements  

Bare Metal Standard, Inc.  

   Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of
these financial statements  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

   Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The Company was incorporated, as Bare Metal
Standard, Inc., (the Company) on November 12, 2015 under the laws of the State of Idaho. Bare Metal Standard provides management
services for franchisees who perform fire prevention and mitigation services to commercial kitchens by cleaning their exhaust systems
on a mandated schedule enforced by insurance and fire and safety prevention codes. 

On March 1, 2017, Bare Metal
Standard, Inc. entered into a Management Agreement with Taylor Brothers Holdings, Inc. which  is
an operating company and has common majority shareholders and directors. The officers and directors of Bare Metal Standard
were officers and directors of Taylor Brothers. James Bedal and Mike Taylor have resigned their positions with Taylor
Brothers and work full time for Bare Metal Standard. The agreement term has no expiration and can be terminated by the
Company at any time with written notice to the other partner. As a result of the management agreement, Bare Metal is to
provide, on behalf of Taylor Brothers, certain management services, having full authorization, on behalf of Taylor Brothers
to provide all the services and all the activities, normally provided by Taylor Brothers, under the Taylor Brothers franchise
agreements, previously entered into by Taylor Brothers and the franchisees Bare Metal became responsible for servicing
franchisee agreements and receiving 100% of the revenues associated with those agreements assumed for the support and
maintenance of the preexisting franchise agreements of Taylor Brothers Holdings franchisees as Taylor Brothers Holdings
has ceased selling franchises. Bare Metal is due all collections from franchisees. Bare Metal Standard assumed the business
operations of the existing franchise agreements while potential liabilities arising from said agreements will remain with
Taylor Brothers. Additionally, on November 1, 2017 Bare Metal, entered into a royalty free license agreement with Taylor
Brothers Holdings Inc. with the right to sublease, the use of Trade Name Bare Metal Standard and related industry know-how
including proprietary software in exchange for a monthly fee of $2,000 paid in arrears. As a result of the above transactions
with Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc., under Regulation S-X for reporting purposes Taylor Brother Holdings, Inc. is considered a
business. Thus, Taylor Brothers Holdings, Inc. is viewed as Predecessor entity for reporting purposes, and Bare Metal is
viewed as a Successor entity.   

Bare Metal Standard is, currently, seeking
the same management opportunities in other industries. The Company intends to sell franchises in the commercial kitchen fire prevention
and mitigation services environment, but, in addition, is looking for the same opportunities in other discipline 

Basis of Presentation   

The
 accompanying audited financial statements and related footnotes ha ve been presented
on a comparative basis  in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (or U.S.
GAAP) and with the Securities and Exchange Commission s (or SEC) instructions for the Form 10-K. 

For
periods after the commencement of the Management Agreement (March 1, 2017), the Company is referred to as the Successor and its
results of operations includes, only, the results of operations from Bare Metal Standard for the eight months subsequent to March
1, 2017.   For periods previous to the inception of the Management Agreement ,  the
Company is referred to as the Predecessor and its results of operations includes only Taylor Brothers Holdings Inc.  operations . 
A black line separates the Predecessor and Successor financial statements to highlight the lack of comparability between these
periods.  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

Going Concern   

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of
assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  The Company had an accumulated deficit of $314,061,
(Successor) as of October 31, 2017 and $86,940 as of as of October 31, 2016 (Predecessor), respectively, and had net losses of
$79,822 for the eight months ended October 31, 2017 (Successor); $66,941 for the four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor);
and net income of $2,149 (Predecessor) for the year ended October 31, 2016. These matters, among others, raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

While the Company is attempting to increase
sales and generate additional revenues, the Company's cash position may not be significant enough to support the Company's daily
operations.  If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing through the issuance of debt or equity, the Company
may be unable to continue as a going concern.  While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate additional
revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect.  The financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES   

This summary of significant accounting
policies is presented to assist the reader in understanding and evaluating the Company's financial statements.  These accounting
policies conform to generally accepted accounting principles and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial
statements.  

Use of Estimates    

The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from
those estimates.  The more significant estimates and assumptions made by management include allowance for doubtful accounts,
inventory valuation, and provision for excess or expired inventory, depreciation of property and equipment, realization of long-lived
assets and fair market value of equity instruments issued for goods or services.   

Cash and Cash Equivalents    

Cash as of October 31, 2017 (Successor)
and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) included cash on-hand.  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts    

The Company's accounts receivable consists,
of amounts  owing by franchisees for monthly royalty commitments and for product sales to
customers, including the cost of freight incurred to ship the product and other services provided by virtue of the management agreement
with Taylor Brothers. Accounts receivable are stated at the amount   management expects to
collect from the outstanding balances. Accounts receivable as of October 31, 2017, (Successor) consists of $31,004 due from non-related
parties and $16,355 due from Taylor Brothers, Inc. a related party. Receivables at October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) consists of $38,526
due from non-related parties and $15,274 from Taylor Brothers, Inc. a related party.  

An allowance for doubtful accounts will
be provided for those accounts receivable considered to be uncollectable based on historical experience, and management's evaluation
at the end of the period.  Bad debts are written off against the allowance when identified. Bare Metal (Successor) determined
that no allowance was necessary for the eight months ended October 31, 2017 (Successor), nor the four months ended February 28,
2017, Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) nor the year ended October 31, 2016 by Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor)  

Concentrations of Credit Risk    

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivables.  The Company places
its cash with high credit quality financial institutions.  At times such amounts may exceed federally insure limits.  

Receivables arising from sales of the
Company's products are not collateralized. As of October 31, 2017 (Successor), total accounts receivable were $47,359 of which
$16,355 was owed by a related party.  As of October 31, 2017 (Successor), four customers
represented approximately 91%(40%, 25%, 16%, 11%) of non-related accounts receivable.     As
of October 31, 2016 (Predecessor), total accounts receivable were $53,800 of which $15,274 was owed by a related party. As of
October 31, 2016 (Predecessor), four customers represented approximately 96%% (40%, 30%, 16%, and 10%) of non-related accounts
receivable. (See note 3)  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments    

The Company's financial instruments consist
of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses and shareholder loans.  The carrying amount of these financial
instruments approximates fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates
unless otherwise disclosed in these financial statements. 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

Accounting for Derivative Liabilities    

The Company evaluates stock options, stock
warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to
be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of ASC Topic 815-40,  Derivative Instruments and Hedging: Contracts
in Entity's Own Equity .  The result of this accounting treatment could be that the fair value of a financial instrument
is classified as a derivative instrument and is marked-to-market at each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. 
In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations
as other income or other expense.  Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair
value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity.  Financial instruments that are initially
classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC Topic 815-40 are reclassified to a liability account at
the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date.  The Company determined that it has no financial instruments
that meet the criteria for derivative accounting as of October 31, 2017 (Successor) nor as of October 31, 2016 (Predecessor).  

Beneficial Conversion Features    

The Company, may, from time to time issue
convertible notes that may have conversion prices that create an embedded liability pursuant to accounting guidance.  A beneficial
conversion feature exists on the date a convertible note is issued when the fair value of the underlying common stock to which
the note is convertible into is in excess of the remaining unallocated proceeds of the note after first considering the allocation
of a portion of the note proceeds to the fair value of any attached equity instruments, if any related equity instruments were
granted with the debt. In accordance with this guidance, the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature is recorded
as a debt discount with a corresponding amount to additional paid in capital.  The debt discount is amortized to interest
expense over the life of the note using the effective interest method. The Company determined that it has no financial instruments
that meet the criteria for beneficial conversion as of October 31, 2017 (Successor) nor as of October 31, 2016 (Predecessor).  

Share-Based
Compensation    

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
to employees in accordance with FASB ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation.  Stock-based compensation to employees
is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as expense over the requisite employee service
period.  The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to other than employees in accordance with FASB ASC 505-50. 
Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment date or upon completion of the services,
based on the fair value of the equity instruments and is recognized as expense over the service period.  The Company estimates
the fair value of stock-based payments using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for common stock options and warrants and the
latest fair market price of the Company's common stock for common share issuances. 

Inventories and Provision for Excess
or Expired Inventory    

Inventory consists of finished goods and
consumables held for resale to franchisees, and is valued on an average cost basis.  Provisions for excess inventory are included
in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial but adequate to provide for losses.  It is reviewed, at least,
quarterly and the Company has determined that there was no need to reserve for obsolescence as of October 31, 2017 (Successor)
and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor). 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

Property and Equipment    

The Company (Successor) does not possess
any property or equipment.  Property and equipment owned by Taylor Brothers (Predecessor) consists primarily of vehicles,
leasehold improvements and computer equipment and is stated at cost.  Depreciation is computed using straight line accounting
amortized over the useful life of the underlying asset.  Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred  

Long-lived Assets     

The Company does not possess any long-lived
assets.  

Revenue Recognition    

The Company's revenue is derived from
the sale of products, services and training to support the franchisees under its Management agreement with Taylor Brothers, as
a percentage of franchisees  revenue invoiced to their clients, plus specific charges for software usage, sale of consumables
and consulting services.  The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned, and therefore only
recognizes revenue when a franchise agreement has been entered into and the franchise fee received. The Company recognizes revenue
from the sale of products, royalties, and services when the product has been shipped or the services have been provided in accordance
with the contract entered into with the customer. Payments received in advance of satisfaction of the relevant criteria for revenue
recognition are recorded as advances from customers. The Company has no responsibility for collections, of trade debt, owed to
a franchisee by the franchisees  clients and therefore will not create an allowance for potential uncollectable obligations
owing to it by the franchisee, unless it is determined that the franchisee will default on its obligation the Company. In accordance
with the guidance in FASB Topic ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition , the Company recognizes revenue when (a) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, (b) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (c) the fee is fixed or determinable, and
(d) collectability is reasonable assured.  

Cost of Goods Sold     

The Company derives its revenue, primarily,
from services and consulting. Therefore there are no direct costs, other than labor, associated with those activities. The cost
of consumables, which are provided to promote consistency amongst franchisees consists of expendable materials and equipment,
designed to provide consistency within operations. Costs are recognized when the related revenue is recorded.  Shipping and
handling costs for all sales transactions are billed to the franchisee and are included in cost of goods sold for all periods
presented.  

General and Administrative Expenses    

General and administrative expenses which
includes advertising, promotional and selling expenses, consists of rent and utility expenses, meals, travel and entertainment
expenses, and other general and administrative overhead costs.  Expenses are recognized when incurred. 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

Administrative and Officer Compensation    

Administrative and officer compensation
includes our officers, who are directly involved in management and our employees who provide daily supervision and management
of operations. Expenses are recognized as incurred. Where necessary, unpaid compensation was accrued to coincide with reporting
periods.  

Income Taxes    

Successor    

The Company uses the liability method
of accounting for income taxes under the asset and liability method prescribed under  ASC 740, Income Taxes.   The liability
method measures deferred income taxes by applying enacted statutory rates in effect at the balance sheet date to the differences
between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts on the financial statements.  The resulting deferred
tax assets or liabilities have been adjusted to reflect changes in tax laws as they occur.  A valuation allowance is provided
when it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized.  

The Company expects to recognize the financial
statement benefit of an uncertain tax position only after considering the probability that a tax authority would sustain the position
in an examination.  For tax positions meeting a  more-likely-than-not  threshold, the amount to be recognized in
the financial statements will be the benefit expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority.  For tax positions
not meeting the threshold, no financial statement benefit is recognized.  As of October 31, 2017, the Company had no uncertain
tax positions.  The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions as general and
administrative expenses.  The Company currently has no federal tax examinations nor has it had any federal income tax penalties
since its inception.  

Predecessor    

The Predecessor is a corporation; reports
its own profits and losses, and has not had taxable income during the current reporting period.  Accordingly, no provision
for income taxes has been reflected in these financial statements.  The Predecessor has no unrecognized tax benefits as of
October 31, 2016.      

Net Income (Loss) Per Share    

Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average common shares outstanding.  Diluted net income per share is calculated
by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method.  
As the Company incurred a net loss the eight months ended (Successor) and four months ended October 31, 2017 (Predecessor)) and
minimal net income for the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor), no potentially dilutive securities were included in the calculation
of diluted earnings per share as the impact would have been anti-dilutive.  Therefore, basic and dilutive net income (loss)
per share were the same.  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

New Accounting Pronouncements    

The Financial Accounting Standards
Board, or FASB, has issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ,
or ASU 606. ASU 606 provides guidance outlining a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers in an amount that supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. This guidance
requires us to recognize revenue when we transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. We are required to adopt
ASU 606 at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2019. The new guidance requires enhanced disclosures, including
revenue recognition policies to identify performance obligations to customers and significant judgments in measurement and
recognition. The new guidance may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the
cumulative effect recognized as of the date of the adoption. We will apply the guidance when adopted, and provide the
relevant disclosures in the first interim and annual periods in which we adopt the guidance. We do not expect the adoption of
this guidance to have a material impact on our financial statements within any accounting period presented. Starting in the
second quarter of 2014, the FASB issued guidance applicable to revenue recognition that will be effective for the Company for
the year ending January 31, 2019. The new guidance must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods
presented or a modified retrospective approach. The Company believes that there will not be a material impact on its
financial statements.  

The FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern.  The core principle of the new guidance is that management of public and private companies is required to evaluate
whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued when applicable) and, if so, disclose that
fact. Management will be required to make this evaluation.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09, Compensation- Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new standard
requires recognition of the income tax effects of vested or settled awards in the income statement and involves several other
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This new standard was effective for the Company
on February 1, 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on its financial position, results
of operations or statements of cash flows upon adoption.  

In August 2016, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the
Emerging Issues Task Force)  ( ASU 201615 ). The amendments in ASU 2016-15 address eight specific cash flow
issues and apply to all entities that are required to present a statement of cash flows under ASC Topic 230,  Statement of
Cash Flows . The amendments in ASU 2016-15 are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption during an
interim period. The Company has not yet completed the analysis of how adopting this guidance will affect its consolidated
financial statements. 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfer of Assets Other Than Inventory. This new standard eliminates the exception
for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory. Under the new standard, entities should recognize the income tax
consequences on an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. This new standard will be
effective for the Company on February 1, 2018 and will be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative effect
adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the
potential impact this standard may have on its financial position and results of operations.  

In November 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 201618,  Restricted Cash (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issue Task Force)  ( ASU 2016-18 ).
This new standard addresses the diversity that exists in the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on
the statement of cash flows. The amendments in ASU 2016-18 require that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the
period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.
Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash
equivalents when reconciling the beginning of period and end of period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. This
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within the year of adoption,
with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption of ASU 2016-18 will have a material impact on its
financial statements.  

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business. This new standard clarifies the definition
of a business and provides a screen to determine when an integrated set of assets and activities is not a business. The screen
requires that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the set is not a business. This new standard will be effective for
the Company on February 1, 2018; however, early adoption is permitted with prospective application to any business development
transaction.  

In January 2017, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-04,  Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment  ( ASU 2017-04 ). ASU
201704 simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment by removing Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a
hypothetical purchase price allocation. ASU 2017-04 is effective for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019 and should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for interim
or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company does not anticipate the
adoption of ASU 2017-04 will have a material impact on its financial statements for both annual and interim reporting
periods, if applicable. Management also is required to evaluate and disclose whether its plans alleviate that doubt. The
standard is effective for the Company on February 1, 2018 and will be implemented using the modified retrospective approach.
The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ). ASU 2015-17 requires
companies to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of separating deferred
taxes into current and noncurrent amounts. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance may be adopted
on either a prospective or retrospective basis. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material effect
on the Company s financial statements  

NOTE 3  
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE  

Bare Metal (Successor)
has unrelated customers and one related party customer, whose revenue, during the eight months ended October 31, 2017 represented
in excess of 10% of the total revenue and in excess of 10% of total accounts receivable. 

Concentration
of revenue and related party revenue- 

During the eight
months ended October 31, 2017 Bare Metal (Successor) invoiced royalties and sold product and services, including freight, totaling
$201,429 or 41% of its total revenue, to one related company, Taylor Brothers Inc. and $243,455 of non-related party revenue or (35%,17%,16% and 12%), respectively, to
four non-related parties. During the four months ended February 28, 2017, Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) invoiced $58,741 of non-related party revenue,
or (34%,21%,19% and 18%), respectively, to four unrelated parties, and $59,363 or 41% to one related party. During the year ended October
31, 2016 Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor) invoiced $247,138 of non-related party revenue or (31%,28%,15% and 10%) respectively, to four unrelated company and $323,019 or 53% to one related party
Company. 

Concentration
of accounts receivable and related party accounts receivable- 

Receivables arising
from sales of the Company's products are not collateralized. As of October 31, 2017 (Successor), total accounts receivable were
$47,359 of which $16,355 was owed by a related party. As of October 31, 2017 (Successor), four customers represented approximately
91% (40%, 25%, 16%, 11%) of non-related accounts receivable.  As of October 31, 2016 (Predecessor), total accounts receivable
were $53,800 of which $15,274 was owed by a related party. As of October 31, 2016 (Predecessor), four customers represented approximately
96% (40%, 30%, 16%, and 10%) of non-related accounts receivable. 

NOTE 4   INVENTORY   

Inventories consist of finished goods
consumables that are provided to franchisees as a vehicle to maintain consistency of operations.  The items are recorded
at cost and sold to the franchisees with a nominal mark-up.  Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods
sold and have historically been immaterial.  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined by average cost, or
market.  

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

NOTE 5   NOTES PAYABLE (PREDECESSOR)   

Notes payable, by Taylor Brothers Holdings
(Predecessor) at October 31, 2016, consists of a working capital loan, in the amount of $156,026, secured by predecessor s
assets and personally guaranteed by our directors. The loan originated on July 18, 2016, bears interest at the rate of 5.5% and
had a maturity date of March 5, 2018. The balance, including accrued interest, was due in a single payment on March 5, 2018. Interest,
only, was paid during the year ended October 31, 2016. The loan is presently in default and is being restructured.  

Note payable, by Taylor Brothers Holdings,
(Predecessor) at October 31, 2016 in the amount of $29,479, consists of a vehicle loan, originated on January 30, 2015 with 59
equal monthly payments of $813, bearing interest at the rate of 4.34%, and collateralized by the vehicle and personally guaranteed
by our directors. $9,752 is due in monthly payments and is a current liability with the remainder of $19, 727 being disclosed
as long term debt. Principal was reduced by $8,252 during the year ended October 31, 2016 and $2,839 during the four months ended
February 28, 2017.    

NOTE 6   RELATED PARTY DEBT AND
TRANSACTIONS   

Related party debt, in the amount of $24,387
at October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) consisted of unsecured non interest bearing and due on demand working capital advances
from a related party   Taylor Brothers Distributing, Inc. (a Company with common officers and directors) During the eight
months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal (Successor) purchased $7,602 worth of inventory from Taylor Brothers Distributing.  

The related party payable, in the amount
of $1,924, Taylor Brothers Holdings, (Predecessor) resulted from the acquisition of supplies and products from two related companies.
A total of $1,760 owing to Taylor Brothers Distributing, Inc. was repaid in two instalments on November 11 and November 16, 2016.
The remaining total, of $164, was repaid to a Taylor Brothers, Inc. a franchisee on November 14, 2016.  

We have entered
into an agreement with Taylor Brothers Inc. (a Company with common officers and directors) to use their offices. The rent will
be $5,000 per month, when Bare Metal Standard completes required funding to support ongoing operations. 

NOTE 7   STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY   

Predecessor   

Common stock   

Taylor Brothers Holdings (Predecessor)
is authorized to issue 12,000 shares of common stock, par value of $1.00. There are 1,200 issued. 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

Successor   

Preferred Stock    

The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value of $0.001. There are none issued. 

Common Stock    

The Company is authorized to issue 80,000,000
shares of common stock, $0.001 par value. During the eight months ended October 31, 2017, the Company (Successor) sold, for cash,
60,000 of its common shares, at a cost of $0.50 per share for total proceeds of $30,000, and issued 70,000 common shares for services
with a value $35,000 and accounted for as stock based compensation.  

NOTE 8   COMMON STOCK WARRANTS   

Between March
1, 2017 and October 31, 2017 the Company (Successor) did not sell any commons stock units, each unit outstanding as of October
31, 2017 consists of one share of our common stock, and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock within 24 months
of issuance, for $2.00.The warrants vested upon grant date and will expire between February 8, 2018 and October 31, 2018. None
expired during the eight months ended October 31, 2017. 

A summary of our stock warrant
activity for the period from March 1, 2017 through October 31, 2017 is as follows: 

NOTE 9  
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Management agreement    

On March 1, 2017, the Company entered into
a management agreement with Taylor Brothers Holdings, Inc. to provide all of the services and to conduct all of the activities
that were agreed to be undertaken by Taylor Brothers under the Franchise Agreements for providing certain administrative support,
including Franchisee training, development of operations manuals and other materials for use by Taylor Brothers  franchisees;
and develop and establish support infrastructures that the Company determines are necessary and appropriate to satisfy Taylor Brothers
obligations under the Franchise Agreements. In consideration of the services provided Bare Metal shall be responsible to invoice
and collect, per the terms of the Franchise Agreements, under management. All fees so collected will constitute the fees owing
under the management agreement. The Agreement does not have a termination date but may be cancelled by either party with appropriate
notice. 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

NOTE 10   INCOME TAXES  

Successor    

The Company s
net operating loss carryover of $283,061 as of October 31, 2017, will expire in 2037. Due to the change in ownership provisions
of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forward for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual
limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forward may be limited as to its use in future years.
The Company s tax returns for the years ended October 31, 2015 through October 31, 2017 are open for IRS audit. 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was signed
into law making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Changes include, but are not limited to, a corporate tax rate
decrease from 35% to 21%, effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. We use the asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to reverse. As a result of the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35%
to 21% under the Tax Act, we revalued our ending net deferred tax assets at October 31, 2017, which were fully offset by a valuation
allowance. 

Future tax benefits for these net operating
loss carry-forwards are recognized to the extent that realization of these benefits is considered more likely than not. 
To the extent that we will not realize a future tax benefit, a valuation allowance is established.  The tax effects of temporary
differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below:  

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 34% of significant
items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

BARE METAL STANDARD, INC.  

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 As of October 31, 2017 Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) and for the eight months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal Standard, Inc.
(Successor) and four months ended February 28, 2017 (Predecessor) and the year ended October 31, 2016 (Predecessor)  

Predecessor   

Taylor Brothers
Holdings, Inc., (Predecessor) is a corporation and is responsible for income tax purposes to report its own operations. 
Accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been reflected in these financial statements.  Previous to its 2016 tax year
the Predecessor was an S corporation for tax purposes and, therefore, did not require a valuation allowance. The Predecessor has
no unrecognized tax benefits.  

NOTE 11   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

On November 1, 2017 Bare Metal entered
into an Intellectual Property License Agreement with Taylor Brothers Holdings, Inc. to license certain intellectual property.
The agreement is for ninety-nine years at a cost of $2,000 per month.  

On November 14, 2017 the Company opened
a $40,000 line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank. Interest is charged at the rate of Wells Fargo prime plus 8.5% plus an annual
fee of $175.  

On June 13, 2018, the Company borrowed
$100,000 from an unrelated third party. The loan was collateralized by 200,000 units of Bare Metal equity consisting of one share
of common stock and the right to acquire, within twenty-four months, one additional share of common stock at a cost of $2.00 per
warrant. The note is to be repaid at the rate of $1,435 per month, commencing July 10, 2018, and has a maturity date of the earlier
of May 31, 2018 or a change of control. During periods in which there is no default, interest is calculated at the rate of 12%
per annum.  

On July 10, 2018, the Company borrowed
$5,000 from the Company s president. The note is to be repaid at the rate of $154 per month, commencing July 20, 2018, and
has a maturity date of the earlier of June 10, 2018 or a change of control. During periods in which there is no default, interest
is calculated at the rate of 7% per annum. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

Item 9A Controls and Procedures  

Management's Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), are our controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, requires us to carry
out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31,
2017. This evaluation was implemented under the supervision and with the participation of our officers and directors. 

Based on this evaluation, management concluded
that, as of October 31, 2017, our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective in ensuring that information required to be
disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner and (2) accumulated
and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our officers and directors have concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures had the following material weaknesses: 

We were unable to maintain any segregation
of duties within our financial operations due to our reliance on limited personnel in the finance function. While this control
deficiency did not result in any audit adjustments to our financial statements, it could have resulted in a material misstatement
that might have been prevented or detected by a segregation of duties; 

We do not have an independent Board of
Directors, nor do we have a board member designated as an independent financial expert. The Board of Directors is comprised of
two members who also serve as executive officers. As a result, there is a lack of independent oversight of the management team,
lack of independent review of our operating and financial results, and lack of independent review of disclosures made by us; and
documentation of all proper accounting procedures is not yet complete. 

To the extent reasonably possible given
our limited resources, we intend to take measures to cure the aforementioned weaknesses, including, but not limited to, the following: 

 Engaging consultants to assist in ensuring
that accounting policies and procedures are consistent across the organization and that we have adequate control over financial
statement disclosures; 

   Hiring additional qualified financial
personnel; 

   Expanding our current board of
directors to include additional independent individuals willing to perform directorial functions; and 

   Increasing our workforce in preparation for exiting
the development stage and commencing revenue producing operations. 

Since the recited remedial actions will require that we hire
or engage additional personnel, these material weaknesses may not be overcome in the near-term due to our limited financial resources.
Until such remedial actions can be realized, we will continue to rely on the limited advice of outside professionals and consultants.
These initiatives will be subject to our ability to obtain sufficient future financing and subject to our ability to start generating
revenue. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation and fair presentation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our officers have assessed the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of October 31, 2017. In making this assessment, management used the criteria
established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Based upon its assessment, management concluded that, as of October 31, 2017, our internal control over financial
reporting was ineffective. 

Management has identified a lack of sufficient
personnel in the accounting function due to our limited resources with appropriate skills, training and experience to perform the
review processes to ensure the complete and proper application of generally accepted accounting principles. We are in the process
of developing and implementing remediation plans to address our material weaknesses in our internal controls. 

Management has identified specific remedial
actions to address the material weaknesses described above: 

Improve the effectiveness of the
accounting group by augmenting our existing resources with additional consultants or employees to improve segregation procedures
and to assist in the analysis and recording of complex accounting transactions and preparation of tax disclosures. We plan to mitigate
the segregation of duties issue by hiring additional personnel in the accounting department once we have achieved positive cash
flow from operations and/or have raised significant additional working capital; and 

   Improve segregation procedures
by strengthening cross approval of various functions including cash disbursements and quarterly internal audit procedures where
appropriate. 

Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. 

This Annual Report does not include an
attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report
was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for smaller reporting companies
under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

During the fourth quarter ended October 31, 2017, there were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B Other Information  

None 

PART
III   

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

Below are the names and certain information regarding our executive
officers and directors as at October 31, 2017. 

James Bedal  
      CEO, Director   
 
      Michael Taylor  
      President, Director   
 
      Jeffrey Taylor  
      Secretary, Director   

James Bedal -
CEO   

James Bedal, 55, has been involved
in business development since 1991. He began his product and market development career by introducing products into Japan, Korea,
Australia, Singapore and China. James has served as an international market manager for Trus Joist and Extended Systems both Idaho
Companies. James shifted his focus from international to domestic in 2002 when he began consulting and working in on a variety
of new start-ups. As the VP of Marketing James launched products for law enforcement in 2003, 2004, and began working in the Commercial
Kitchen Exhaust industry in 2005.  

Jeffrey Taylor -
Secretary   

Jeff Taylor, 60, is the brother of
Mike Taylor and also grew up in the family business in 2004 and has since been developing his skills in both operations to
include purchasing. Jeff s personality and skills make him a great fit for the detailed requirements of supporting
our franchisees.   

Michael Taylor - President   

Mike Taylor, 57, grew up in the family
business of commercial kitchen exhaust service. Mike has never left the business and has been instrumental in creating and integrating
his unique techniques and process that will Make Bare Metal Standard a leader in its category of commercial kitchen exhaust service
companies. In 1989 Mike Taylor became founding members of International Kitchen Exhaust Cleaning Association, an organization
that helped organize many small businesses performing kitchen exhaust cleaning in the United States of America. Mike has the experience
required to train and maintain a level of quality Bare Metal Standard will build its brand around.  

Directors  

The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall
be fixed from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board. 

Term of Office  

Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders
and each director shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified or until his death, retirement, earlier resignation
or removal. 

Board of Director Committees  

We do not have any board committees due to the limited size
of the Board and the Company, and as such the board as a whole carries out the functions of audit, nominating and compensation
committees. 

Item 11.   Executive Compensation  

The following
table sets forth the compensation paid to our officers and directors for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2017:     

Employment Agreements  

None 

Director Compensation  

None 

Equity Compensation Plans  

The following table set forth information regarding the outstanding
equity awards as of October 31, 2017 for our officers and directors: 

Name   

Number  
          of  
          Securities  
          Underlying  
          Unexercised  
          options  
          (#)   

Equity  
          Incentive  
          Plan  
          Awards:  
          Number of  
          Securities  
          Underlying  
          Unexercised  
          Unearned  
          Options  
          (#)   

Equity  
          Incentive  
          Plan  
          Awards:  
          Number of  
          Securities  
          Underlying  
          Unexercised  
          Unearned  
          Options  
          (#)   

Option  
          Exercise  
          Price ($)   

Option  
          Expiration  
          Date   

Number  
          of Shares  
          or Units  
          of Stock  
          That  
          Have Not  
          Vested (#)   

Market  
          Value of  
          Shares  
          or Units  
          of Stock  
          That  
          Have  
          Not  
          Vested  
          ($)   

Equity  
          Incentive  
          Plan  
          Awards:  
          Number of  
          Unearned  
          Shares,  
          Units or  
          Other  
          Rights That  
          Have Not  
          Vested (#)   

Equity  
          Incentive  
          Plan  
          Awards:  
          Market or  
          Payout  
          Value of  
          Unearned  
          Shares,  
          Units or  
          Other  
          Rights That  
          Have Not  
          Vested ($)   

James Bedal  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Michael Taylor  

Jeffrey Taylor  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Item 12.      Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

The following table sets forth certain
information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of October 31, 2017. 

By each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock;   

By each of our officers and directors; and   

By all of our officers and directors as a group.   

As used in this table,  beneficial
ownership  means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment
power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). 

In addition, for purposes of this table,
a person is deemed, as of any date, to have  beneficial ownership  of any security that such person has the right to
acquire within 60 days after such date. 

Other than the shareholders listed
above, we know of no other person who is the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our common stock. 

The persons named above have full voting
and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person
(or group of persons) is deemed to be a  beneficial owner  of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has or
shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such
security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person is also deemed
to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options or warrants
to purchase our common stock. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Related party debt, in the amount of $24,387
at October 31, 2016 (Predecessor) consisted of unsecured non interest bearing and due on demand working capital advances
from a related party   Taylor Brothers Distributing, Inc. (a Company with common officers and directors) During the eight
months ended October 31, 2017, Bare Metal (Successor) purchased $7,602 worth of inventory from Taylor Brothers Distributing. 

The related party payable, in the amount
of $1,924, Taylor Brothers Holdings, (Predecessor) resulted from the acquisition of supplies and products from two related companies.
A total of $1,760 owing to Taylor Brothers Distributing, Inc. was repaid in two instalments on November 11 and November 16, 2016.
The remaining total, of $164, was repaid to a Taylor Brothers, Inc. a franchisee on November 14, 2016. 

We have entered into an agreement with
Taylor Brothers Inc. (a Company with common officers and directors) to use their offices. The rent will be $5,000 per month, when
Bare Metal Standard completes required funding to support ongoing operations. 

We currently operate with three directors, James Bedal, Michael
Taylor and Jeffrey Taylor. We have determined that none of our directors are  independent directors  as defined in NASDAQ
Marketplace Rule 4200(a) (15). 

Item 14.   Principal Accounting
Fees and Services  

The fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountant are as follows: 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures  

The board of directors must pre-approve
any use of our independent accountants for any non-audit services.  All services of our auditors are approved by our
whole board and are subject to review by our whole board. 

PART
IV   

Item 15   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

Number  
      Exhibit   
 
      31.1  
       Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer    
 
      32.1  
       Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Principal Executive Officer    
 
      101.INS*  
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF*  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

*  
      Pursuant to applicable securities laws and regulations, we are deemed to have complied with the reporting obligation relating to the submission of interactive data files in such exhibits and are not subject to liability under any anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws as long as we have made a good faith attempt to comply with the submission requirements and promptly amend the interactive data files after becoming aware that the interactive data files fail to comply with the submission requirements. Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed and otherwise are not subject to liability.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities on this 25th
day of September 2018.  

BARE METAL STANDARD INC.   

BY:  
      James Bedal   

/s/  
      James Bedal   

Principal Executive Officer   

Principal Financial Officer and   

Principal Accounting Officer   

20   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION   

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350   

  (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002)   

I, James Bedal, certify that: 

1.         I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of BARE METAL STANDARD INC.; 

2.        Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.        Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.        The registrant's
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)   Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.         The registrant's
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a)   All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)   Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 25, 2018 

BY:  
           
          /s/   
     
          James Bedal   
           
          James Bedal     

Principal Executive Officer   
          Principal Financial Officer and   
          Principal Accounting Officer     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002)  

In connection with the Annual Report of BARE METAL STANDARD
INC. (the  Company ) for the period ended October 31, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), Jung Choung Hun, as Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the
Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: September 25, 2018 

BY:  
           
          /s/   
     
          James Bedal  
           
          James Bedal    

Principal Executive Officer   
          Principal Financial Officer and   
          Principal Accounting Officer     

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to
ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 brrm-20171031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 brrm-20171031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 brrm-20171031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 brrm-20171031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 brrm-20171031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 brrm-20171031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

