ES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30,
2018  

For the transition period from                 to  

Commission File Number 1 - 5332  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (631) 694-9800  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x    No

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x 
  No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer      
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company  x    

(Do not check if a smaller reporting  
 company)  
      Emerging growth company       

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for the complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No
 x  

As of August 3, 2018
there were 3,700,975 shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock outstanding.   

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED JUNE 30,
2018  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE    

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   
      3   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2018 (unaudited) and December 31, 2017   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (unaudited)   
      5   

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity for the six months ended June 30, 2018 (unaudited)   
      6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (unaudited)   
      7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      9   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      23   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      37   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      37   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
      38   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      38   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      38   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      38   

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      38   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      38   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
      38   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      38   

Signature   
       
      39   

Exhibit Index    
      40   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   Financial Statements  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Accordingly, these interim financial statements
do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of the management
of the Company, as defined below, these unaudited consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary to present
fairly the information set forth therein. Results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected
for a full year. 

The consolidated balance
sheet information as of December 31, 2017 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 ( 2017 Form 10-K ). The interim financial
statements contained herein should be read in conjunction with the 2017 Form 10-K. 

The consolidated financial
statements have been reported in U.S. dollars by translating asset and liability amounts of a foreign wholly-owned subsidiary at
the closing exchange rate, equity amounts at historical rates and the results of operations and cash flow at the average of the
prevailing exchange rates during the periods reported. As a result, the Company is exposed to foreign currency translation gains
or losses. These gains or losses are presented in the Company s consolidated financial statements as  Other comprehensive
(loss) income - foreign currency translation adjustment . 

Principles of Consolidation  

The unaudited consolidated
financial statements contained herein include the accounts of P F Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries, ( P F 
or the  Company ). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Customer concentration   

At June 30, 2018 and
December 31, 2017, accounts receivable from The Home Depot was 35.5% and 31.0%, respectively, of our total accounts receivable.
Additionally, revenue from The Home Depot during the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018 was 24.8% and 24.2%, for the
same three and six month periods in 2017 The Home Depot revenue accounted for 29.0% and 29.8%, respectively. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (Continued)  

The Company  

P F is a Delaware
corporation incorporated on April 19, 1963. The Company conducts its business through a wholly-owned subsidiary, Continental Tool
Group, Inc. ( Continental ), which in turn operates through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing
Corporation ( Florida Pneumatic ) and Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. ( Hy-Tech ). Exhaust Technologies Inc. ( ETI )
and Universal Air Tool Company Limited ( UAT ) are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Florida Pneumatic. Effective April
5, 2017, the Company purchased substantially all of the operating assets, less certain payables of Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., ( Jiffy )
through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Florida Pneumatic. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
Lastly, the business of Air Tool Service Company ( ATSCO ) operates through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hy-Tech. 

Florida Pneumatic manufactures,
imports, and sells pneumatic hand tools, most of which are of its own design, primarily to the retail, industrial, automotive and
aerospace markets. It also markets, through its Berkley Tool division ( Berkley ), a product line which includes pipe
and bolt dies, pipe taps, wrenches, vises and stands, pipe and tubing cutting equipment, hydrostatic test pumps, and replacement
electrical components for a widely-used brand of pipe cutting and threading machines. 

Hy-Tech designs, manufactures
and distributes industrial pneumatic tools, industrial gears, hydrostatic test plugs and a wide variety of parts under the brands
ATP, ATSCO, OZAT, Numatx, Thaxton and Quality Gear.  Industries served include power generation, petrochemical, construction,
railroad, mining, ship building and fabricated metals. Hy-Tech also manufactures components, assemblies, finished product and systems
for various Original Equipment Manufacturers under their own brand names. 

Management Estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in those financial statements.  Certain significant
accounting policies that contain subjective management estimates and assumptions include those related to revenue recognition,
inventory, goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets, contingent consideration, income taxes and deferred taxes.  Descriptions
of these policies are discussed in the Company s 2017 Form 10-K.  Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions
on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment, and makes adjustments
when facts and circumstances dictate.  As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.  Significant changes, if any, in those estimates
resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements in future
periods. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (Continued)  

Significant Accounting Policies   Revenue Recognition  

Our significant accounting
policies are described in  Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2017. Our significant accounting policy relating to revenue recognition reflects the impact of the
adoption of ASC 606, defined below, effective January 1, 2018. 

The Company records
revenue based on a five-step model in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 606,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers  ( ASC 606 ). The Company sells its goods on terms which transfer title and risk of loss
at a specified location, which may be our warehouse, destination designated by our customer, port of loading or port of discharge,
depending on the final destination of the goods. Other than standard product warranty provisions, our sales arrangements provide
for no other post-shipment obligations. The Company offers rebates and other sales incentives, promotional allowances or discounts
for certain customers, typically related to customer purchase volume, and are classified as a reduction of revenue and recorded
at the time of sale, using the most likely amount approach. The Company periodically evaluates whether an allowance for sales returns
is necessary. Historically, we have experienced minimal sales returns. If the Company believes there are material potential sales
returns, it would provide the necessary provision against sales. 

The Company's performance
obligations underlying its core revenue sources remain substantially unchanged. Its revenue is generated through the sale
of finished products, and is generally recognized at the point in time when merchandise is transferred to the customer with a fixed
payment due generally within 30 to 90 days, and in an amount that considers the impacts of estimated allowances. Further, the Company
has made a policy election to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of
the products as fulfillment costs rather than as an additional promised service. This election is consistent with the Company s
prior policy, and therefore the adoption of ASC 606 relating to shipping and handling activities did not have any impact on its
financial results. Additionally, as the result of the adoption of ASC 606, the Company will account for certain expenses that in
prior periods were accounted for as a selling expense, which will now be treated as an adjustment to gross revenue. Accordingly,
during the three and six-month period ended June 30, 2018 the Company reduced its net revenue, gross margin and selling expenses
by approximately $243,000 and $457,000, respectively. Additionally, the Company at June 30, 2018 has included in its allowance
for doubtful accounts approximately $89,000 that would have been accounted for in its current liabilities prior to the adoption
of ASC 606. There are no remaining performance obligations as of June 30, 2018. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (Continued)  

The Company analyzes its revenue as follows: 

Revenue generated at Florida Pneumatic. 

Revenue generated at
Hy-Tech. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (Continued)  

New Accounting Pronouncements  

Recently Adopted   

In
January 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2017-04,  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment ( ASU 2017-04 ), 
which simplified the testing of goodwill for impairment by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Step 2 measured
a goodwill impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of
that goodwill. ASU 2017-04 is effective for public companies for annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company concluded that ASU 2017-04 is preferable to the current guidance due to efficiency,
since ASU 2017-04 eliminates the requirement to determine the fair value of individual assets and liabilities of a reporting unit
to measure goodwill impairment. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 in 2017, in conjunction with its annual impairment test of goodwill
for all reporting units. The adoption of ASU 2017-04 did not have a material impact on the Company s financial results. 

In August 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .
The amendments in ASU 2016-15 are intended to add or clarify guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments
in the statement of cash flows, with the intent of reducing diversity in practice for the eight types of cash flows identified.
ASU 2016-15 is effective for public companies' fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2017. The adoption of ASU 2016-15 as of January 1, 2018 had no material effect on the Company s financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

The Company adopted
ASC 606 on the first day of fiscal 2018. Its underlying principle is to use a five-step analysis of transactions to recognize revenue
when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be
received for those goods or services. The Company has elected to use the modified retrospective approach. As the Company does not
have any sales contracts that were not completed as of January 1, 2018, there is no adjustment required to its retained earnings.
The adoption of ASC 606 will not have an effect on the Company s cash flows. Other than discussed earlier in this Note 1,
the adoption of ASC 606 did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

The Company does
not believe that any other recently issued accounting standard would have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.  

Not Yet Adopted   

In February
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . This ASU is a comprehensive new leases standard that amends various aspects of
existing guidance for leases and requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. It will require companies to recognize
lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. ASC Topic 842
retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance
leases and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases
and operating leases in the previous leases guidance. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years; earlier adoption is permitted. In the financial statements in which the ASU
is first applied, leases shall be measured and recognized at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented with an
adjustment to equity. Practical expedients are available for election. The Company intends to use the modified retrospective approach.
The Company is  currently in the process of completing its assessment of all leases and is assessing
the impact the adoption of this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Th us
far the Company does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.
However, the Company will continue its evaluation of the standard update through the date of adoption. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (Continued)  

In February 2018, the
FASB issued No. ASU 2018-02,  Income Statement   Reporting Comprehensive Income  (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain
Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ( ASU 2018-02 ). Under ASU 2018-02, an entity may elect to
reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Reform Act on items within accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings.
ASU 2018-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted in any interim period. The Company is evaluating what impact, if any, adoption of ASU 2018-02 may have on
its consolidated financial statements. 

Other Accounting
Pronouncement   

The Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the  Act ) was enacted on December 22, 2017. The Act reduces the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35%
to 21%, requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries previously deferred from
tax, generally eliminates U.S federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries and creates a new provision designed
to tax global intangible low-taxed income ( GILTI ). Also on December 22, 2017, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 ( SAB 118 ), which provides for a measurement period of up to one year from
the enactment for companies to complete their accounting for the Act. The Company is applying the guidance in SAB 118 when accounting
for the enactment-date effects of the Act. 

At June 30, 2018 the
Company has not completed its accounting for the tax effects of the Act, but has made reasonable estimates of the effects on the
re-measurement of its deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as its transition tax liability. During the six month period
ended June 30, 2018, the Company made no adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded at December 31, 2017. Additionally, the
Company has not yet collected and analyzed all necessary tax and earnings data of its foreign operations and therefore, the Company
has also not yet completed its accounting for the income tax effects of the transition tax. The Company will continue to make and
refine its calculations as additional analysis is completed. 

Other than the aforementioned,
the Company does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting standard, if adopted, will have a
material effect on its consolidated financial statements .  

NOTE 2   ACQUISITION   

On April 5, 2017 (the
 Jiffy Closing Date ), Bonanza Holdings Corp. (now known as Jiffy Air Tool, Inc.), a Delaware corporation and newly
formed wholly-owned subsidiary ( Jiffy ) of Florida Pneumatic, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc. a Nevada corporation ( Jiffy
Seller ), The Jack E. Pettit 1996 Trust, the sole shareholder of Jiffy Seller and Jack E. Pettit, entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the  Asset Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, Jiffy acquired (the  Jiffy
Acquisition ) substantially all of the operating assets of Jiffy Seller for $5,950,000, in addition to the assumption of
certain payables and contractual obligations as set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. Jiffy manufactures and distributes pneumatic
tools and components, primarily sold to aerospace manufacturers. The purchase price was $5,950,000, less a post-closing working
capital adjustment of $155,000, which was paid by Jiffy Seller to the Company in June 2017. 

Additionally, Jiffy
Seller may be entitled to up to $1,000,000 in additional consideration, which is contingent upon Jiffy achieving certain revenue
thresholds and other criteria as set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement within two defined measurement periods occurring within
approximately the first two years following the Jiffy Closing Date.  As of June 30, 2018, the Company has estimated the
fair value of this contingent consideration to be $907,000. 

In connection with
the Asset Purchase Agreement, a separate Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (the  Purchase and Sale
Agreement  and together with the Asset Purchase Agreement, the  Agreements ) was entered into between Jiffy Seller
and Bonanza Properties Corp. ( Bonanza Properties ), a Delaware corporation and newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary
of Florida Pneumatic, pursuant to which Bonanza Properties purchased certain real property of Jiffy Seller. Pursuant to the Purchase
and Sale Agreement, the purchase price for the real property was $1,050,000. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 2   ACQUISITIONS   (Continued)  

The initial total consideration
($5,950,000 plus $1,050,000) paid to Jiffy Seller was from funds available under the Revolver, as defined in Note 9, less certain
amounts escrowed pursuant to the terms of the Agreements. 

The following table
presents purchase price allocation: 

The excess of
the total purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired, including the value of the identifiable intangible assets,
has been allocated to goodwill. Goodwill will be amortized over 15 years for tax purposes, but not deductible for financial reporting
purposes. The intangible assets subject to amortization will be amortized over 15 years for tax purposes. For financial reporting
purposes, useful lives have been assigned as follows: 

Customer relationships  
       
      15 years   
 
      Trademarks and trade names  
       
      Indefinite   
 
      Non-compete agreements  
       
      4 years   

The following unaudited
pro-forma combined financial information gives effect to the Jiffy Acquisition as if the Jiffy Acquisition was consummated January
1, 2017. This unaudited pro-forma financial information is presented for information purposes only, and is not intended to present
actual results that would have been attained had the Jiffy Acquisition been completed as of January 1, 2017 (the beginning of the
earliest period presented) or to project potential operating results as of any future date or for any future periods. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 3   EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE  

Basic earnings (loss)
per common share is based only on the average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding for the periods. Diluted earnings (loss)
per common share reflects the effect of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options, unless the effect on earnings
is antidilutive. 

Diluted earnings (loss)
per common share is computed using the treasury stock method. Under this method, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding reflects the assumed use of proceeds from the hypothetical exercise of any outstanding options to purchase shares of
Common Stock. The average market value for the period is used as the assumed purchase price. 

The following table
sets forth the elements of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share: 

(1)    
      Dilutive securities consist of  in the money  stock options.   

At June 30, 2017, there
were outstanding stock options whose exercise prices were higher than the average market values of the underlying Common Stock
for the period. 

The weighted average
of anti-dilutive stock options outstanding was as follows: 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 4   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

There were no options
granted or issued during the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018. 

The following is a
summary of the changes in outstanding options during the six-month period ended June 30, 2018: 

The number of shares
of Common Stock available for issuance under the P F Industries, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan )
as of June 30, 2018 was 79,437. At June 30, 2018, there were 184,253 options outstanding issued under the 2012 Plan and 49,500
options outstanding issued under the 2002 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Restricted Stock   

The Company, in May
2018, granted 1,250 restricted shares of its Common Stock to each non-employee member of its Board of Directors, totaling 6,250
restricted shares. The Company determined that the fair value of these shares was $8.43 per share, which was the closing price
of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. These shares cannot be traded earlier than the first anniversary
of the grant date. The Company will ratably amortize the total non-cash compensation expense of approximately $53,000 in its selling,
general and administrative expenses through May 2019. 

The Company, in May
2017, granted 1,000 restricted shares of its common stock to each non-employee member of its Board of Directors, totaling 5,000
restricted shares. The Company determined that the fair value of these shares was $6.17 per share, which was the closing price
of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. These shares could not have been traded earlier than the first anniversary
of the grant date. The Company ratably amortized the total non-cash compensation expense of approximately $30,000 in its selling,
general and administrative expenses. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 4   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   (Continued)  

Treasury Stock   

On August 9, 2017,
the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 100,000 shares of its common stock over a period
of up to twelve months (the  Repurchase Program ). On August 24, 2017, the Company announced that, pursuant to the
Repurchase Program, it had adopted a written trading plan in accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. A plan under Rule 10b5-1 allows the Company to repurchase shares at times when it might otherwise
be prevented from doing so by securities laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. Repurchases made under the plan
are subject to the SEC s regulations, as well as certain price, market, volume, and timing constraints specified in the plan.
Since repurchases under the plan are subject to certain constraints, there is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares that
will be repurchased under the plan. Since the inception of the Repurchase Program through June 30 2018, the Company repurchased
approximately 81,000 shares of its common stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $638,000. During the period January 1, 2018
through June 30, 2018, the Company repurchased 34,000 shares of its common stock at an aggregate cost of $280,000. 

Additionally, in June
2018, the Company purchased 18,140 shares of its common stock in a privately negotiated transaction outside of the Repurchase Program
pursuant to an additional authorization of the Company s Board of Directors at a total cost of $150,000. The purchase price
per share was equal to five percent below the average of the closing price of its common stock for the three days prior to the
transaction. 

NOTE 5   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

Accounting guidance
defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. Under this guidance, the Company is required to classify certain assets and
liabilities based on the following hierarchy: 

Level 1:   Quoted
prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that can be assessed at the measurement date. 

Level 2:   Inputs
other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted
prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can
be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3:   Inputs
reflect management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
The inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the instruments valuation. 

The guidance requires
the use of observable market data if such data is available without undue cost and effort. 

As of June 30, 2018
and December 31, 2017, the carrying amounts reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for current assets and
current liabilities approximated fair value due to the short-term nature of these accounts. 

Assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis include goodwill and intangible assets. Such assets are reviewed quarterly for
impairment indicators. If a triggering event has occurred, the assets are re-measured when the estimated fair value of the corresponding
asset group is less than the carrying value. The fair value measurements, in such instances, are based on significant unobservable
inputs (level 3). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 6   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL
ACCOUNTS  

Accounts receivable - net consists of: 

NOTE 7   INVENTORIES  

Inventories consist of: 

NOTE 8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS    

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill
are as follows: 

Other intangible assets were as follows: 

(1)  
      A portion of these intangibles are maintained in a foreign currency, and are therefore subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.   

(2)  
      These were previously considered an indefinite-lived intangible asset of Hy-Tech.  However, as the result of a prior impairment, the Company began amortizing these intangible assets over a 15 year useful life.   

Amortization expense
of intangible assets subject to amortization was as follows: 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
(Continued)    

The weighted average amortization
period for intangible assets was as follows: 

Amortization expense
for each of the next five years and thereafter is estimated to be as follows: 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 9   DEBT  

In October 2010, the
Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with an affiliate of Capital One, National
Association ( Capital One  or the  Bank ). The Credit Agreement, as amended from time to time, among other
things, provides the ability to borrow funds under a Revolver arrangement. Revolver borrowings are secured by the Company s
accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and mortgages on real property. Additionally, there is a $1,600,000 line available for
capital expenditures ( Capex line ). The Credit Agreement includes a $100,000 Term Loan, as defined in the Credit Agreement.
This Term Loan remains in place to enable the Company and Capital One to facilitate future term loan borrowings more efficiently
and in a less costly manner. P F and certain of its subsidiaries are borrowers under the Credit Agreement, and their obligations
are cross-guaranteed by certain other subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement expires in February 2019, unless extended by the parties. 

At the Company s
option, Revolver borrowings bear interest at either LIBOR ( London InterBank Offered Rate ) or the Base Rate, as the
term is defined in the Credit Agreement, plus an Applicable Margin, as defined in the Credit Agreement. We are subject to limitations
on the number of LIBOR borrowings. 

Contemporaneously with
the acquisition of the Jiffy business discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company entered into a
Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, (the  2017 Agreement ), with Capital One. The 2017 Agreement,
among other things, amended the Credit Agreement by: (1) increasing the maximum amount it can borrow under the Revolver Commitment
(as defined) to $16,000,000, subject to certain borrowing base criteria, and (2) modifying certain borrowing base criteria as well
as financial and other covenants. The Company incurred $84,000 of debt issue costs in connection with this 2017 Agreement. 

The Company provides
Capital One monthly financial statements, borrowing base certificates and certificates of compliance with various financial covenants.
Should an event of default occur, the interest rate would increase by two percent per annum during the period of default, in addition
to other remedies provided to Capital One. 

SHORT TERM
BORROWINGS   

Short-term borrowings
can be at either LIBOR or at the Base Rate, or a combination of the two, plus the Applicable Margins. At June 30, 2018 and December
31, 2017, the Company s short-term borrowings were $2,239,000 and $1,928,000, respectively. The Applicable LIBOR Margin at
June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 was 1.50%, and the Applicable Base Rate Margin was 0.50% at both dates. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 9   DEBT   (Continued)   

TERM LOAN BORROWINGS

The Term Loan borrowings
can be at either LIBOR or at the Base Rate, or a combination of the two, plus the Applicable Margins. LIBOR borrowings at June
30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 were 1.50%. The Applicable Margin for borrowings at the Base Rate for the same timeframes was 0.50%.
At June 30 2018, the Company had a $100,000 Term Loan, which is included in Current maturities of long-term debt on the consolidated
balance sheet. At December 31, 2017, this obligation was included in Long-term debt, less current maturities on the consolidated
balance sheet. At both June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 this Term Loan was at LIBOR plus the Applicable Margin. 

In April 2018, the
Company borrowed $400,000 against the Capex line. This borrowing is to be repaid in equal installments of approximately $6,700,
payable monthly, with the balance due in February 2019, unless the Credit Agreement is renewed or extended by the parties. $300,000
of this borrowing is at LIBOR plus Applicable Margin, with the balance of $100,000 at the Base Rate, or prime rate plus Applicable
Margin. While the Company intends to renew or extend the Credit Agreement currently in place, this obligation at June 30, 2018,
is included in Current maturities of long-term debt on its consolidated balance sheet. 

At June 30, 2018 and
December 31, 2017, the Company, in accordance with ASU 2015-03, reduced its long-term debt by $4,000 and $6,000, respectively. 

NOTE 10   DIVIDEND PAYMENTS  

On May 8, 2018, the
Company s Board of Directors, in accordance with its dividend policy, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per common
share, which was paid on May 25, 2018, to shareholders of record at the close of business on May 21, 2018. The total amount of
this dividend payment was approximately $179,000. During the six-month period ended June 30, 2018, the Company paid approximately
$359,000 in dividend payments. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

Forward Looking Statement  

The Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  Reform Act ) provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on
behalf of P F Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries ( P F , or the  Company ). P F and its
representatives may, from time to time, make written or verbal forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the
Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in its reports to shareholders. Generally, the inclusion
of the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   estimate,   anticipate, 
 will,   may,   would,   could,   should,  and their opposites and
similar expressions identify statements that constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that are intended to come within
the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. Any forward-looking statements contained herein, including those related
to the Company s future performance, are based upon the Company s historical performance and on current plans, estimates
and expectations. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause the
Company s actual results for all or part the 2018 fiscal year and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the Company for a number of reasons including, but not limited to: 

Exposure to fluctuations in energy prices;   

Debt and debt service requirements;   

Borrowing and compliance with covenants under our credit facility;   

Disruption in the global capital and credit markets;   

The strength of the retail economy in the United States and abroad;   

Risks associated with sourcing from overseas, including tariffs;   

Customer concentration;   

Adverse changes in currency exchange rates;   

Impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill;   

Unforeseen inventory adjustments or changes in purchasing patterns;   

Market acceptance of products;   

Competition;   

Price reductions;   

Interest rates;   

Litigation and insurance;   

Retention of key personnel;   

Acquisition of businesses;   

Regulatory environment;   

The threat of terrorism and related political instability and economic uncertainty; and   

Information technology system failures and attacks,   

and those other risks and uncertainties
described in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 ( 2017 Form 10-K ), its
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and its other reports and statements filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly
or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. The Company
cautions you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued  

OUR BUSINESS  

P F and each of
its subsidiaries are herein referred to collectively as the  Company.  In addition, the words  we ,  our 
and  us  refer to the Company. We conduct our business through a wholly-owned subsidiary, Continental Tool Group, Inc.
( Continental ), which in turn operates through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation
( Florida Pneumatic ) and Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. ( Hy-Tech ). Exhaust Technologies Inc. ( ETI )
and Universal Air Tool Company Limited ( UAT ) are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Florida Pneumatic. Effective April
5, 2017, we purchased substantially all of the operating assets, and assumed certain liabilities of Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., ( Jiffy )
through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Florida Pneumatic. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
The business of Air Tool Service Company ( ATSCO ) operates through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hy-Tech. 

Florida Pneumatic manufactures,
imports and sells pneumatic hand tools, most of which are of its own design, primarily to the retail, industrial, automotive and
aerospace markets. It also markets, through its Berkley Tool division ( Berkley ), a product line which includes pipe
and bolt dies, pipe taps, wrenches, vises and stands, pipe and tubing cutting equipment, hydrostatic test pumps, and replacement
electrical components for a widely-used brand of pipe cutting and threading machines. 

Hy-Tech designs, manufactures
and distributes industrial pneumatic tools, industrial gears, hydrostatic test plugs and a wide variety of parts under the brands
ATP, ATSCO, OZAT, Numatx, Thaxton and Quality Gear. Industries served include power generation, petrochemical, construction, railroad,
mining, ship building and fabricated metals. Hy-Tech also manufactures components, assemblies, finished product and systems for
various Original Equipment Manufacturers under their own brand names. 

KEY INDICATORS    

Economic Measures   

Much of our business
is driven by the ebbs and flows of the general economic conditions in both the United States and, to a lesser extent, abroad. We
focus on a wide array of customer types including, but not limited to, large retailers, aerospace manufacturers, large and small
resellers of pneumatic tools and parts, and automotive related customers. We tend to track the general economic conditions of the
United States, industrial production and general retail sales. 

A key economic measure
relevant to us is the cost of the raw materials in our products. Key materials include metals, especially various types of steel
and aluminum. Also important is the value of the United States Dollar ( USD ) in relation to the Taiwanese dollar ( TWD ),
as we purchase a significant portion of our products from Taiwan. Purchases from Chinese sources are made in USD; however, if the
Chinese currency, the Renminbi ( RMB ), were to be revalued against the USD, there could be a negative impact on the
cost of our products. Additionally, we closely monitor the fluctuation in the Great British Pound ( GBP ) to the USD,
and the GBP to TWD, both of which can have an impact on the consolidated results. In addition, we monitor the number of operating
rotary drilling rigs in the United States, as a means of gauging oil production, which is a key factor in our sales into the oil
and gas exploration and extraction sector. 

As the result of the
recently imposed tariffs, specifically those imposed on products imported from China, we now must consider tariffs as a key economic
indicator. The Office of the US Trade Representative released a list of China-manufactured products that are subject to tariffs
of 25%, effective July 6, 2018. A portion of products imported by Florida Pneumatic for its Retail customers is now subject to
this tariff. 

The cost and availability
of a quality labor pool in the countries where products and components are manufactured, both overseas as well as in the United
States, could materially affect our overall results. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued  

KEY INDICATORS  - (Continued)    

Operating Measures   

Key operating measures
we use to manage our operations are: orders; shipments; development of new products; customer retention; inventory levels and productivity.
These measures are recorded and monitored at various intervals, including daily, weekly and monthly. To the extent these measures
are relevant; they are discussed in the detailed sections below. 

Financial Measures   

Key financial measures
we use to evaluate the results of our business include: various revenue metrics; gross margin; selling, general and administrative
expenses; earnings before interest and taxes; operating cash flows and capital expenditures; return on sales; return on assets;
days sales outstanding and inventory turns. These measures are reviewed at monthly, quarterly and annual intervals and compared
to historical periods as well as established objectives. To the extent that these measures are relevant, they are discussed in
the detailed sections below for each operating segment. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

We prepare our consolidated
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
Descriptions of these policies are discussed in the 2017 Form 10-K. Certain of these accounting policies require us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates, including, but not limited to those
related to bad debts, inventory reserves, goodwill and intangible assets, warranty reserves, taxes and deferred taxes. We base
our estimates on historical data and experience, when available, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the combined results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with
precision, actual results could differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.  Significant changes, if any,
in those estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the consolidated financial
statements in future periods. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations - Continued   

OVERVIEW  

Key factors or events
impacting our second quarter 2018 results of operations were: 

Aerospace revenue increased by 54.9%;   

Hy-Tech gross margins improving 4.8 percentage points; and   

The decision in 2017 not to renew a supply agreement with Sears.   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Unless otherwise discussed
below or elsewhere in the Management s Discussion and Analysis, we believe that our relationships with our key customers
and suppliers remain satisfactory. 

We determined that,
based on a number of factors including Sears  continuing financial difficulties, the sale of the Craftsman brand by Sears
to Stanley Black   Decker and our level of working capital exposure in relation to our return on that investment pertaining
to Sears, it was in our best interest not to renew a supply agreement between us and Sears, effective September 30, 2017. 

In December of
2017, Florida Pneumatic and The Home Depot agreed to launch an improved line of pneumatic tools to replace the current
offering. We expect to begin shipment of this new product line sometime in the third quarter of 2018. Gross margin for the
new product line will be approximately 2% less than the current product line. In order to promote the roll out of the new
products, Florida Pneumatic has agreed to contribute $1,000,000 to The Home Depot to support its marketing and promotion of
the new product line. We believe this will be contributed some time during the remainder of 2018. This contribution will be
ratably amortized over a four year period and will be tested for impairment during said period. 

We adopted ASC 606
effective January 1, 2018. The most significant impact of this adoption to our results of operations was that beginning January
1, 2018 we now classify certain expenses as deductions against gross revenue, that prior to the adoption, were accounted for as
a selling expense. The adoption of ASC 606 reduced our revenue, gross profit and selling expenses approximately $243,000 and $457,000,
respectively, for the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018. 

We believe that over
time several newer technologies and features will have a greater impact on the market for the Company s traditional pneumatic
tool offerings. This evolution has been felt initially by the advent of some cordless operated hand tools in the automotive aftermarket.
We are currently evaluating the development of more advanced technologies in our tool platforms. 

We are currently evaluating
the impact of the recently imposed additional 25% tariff on products arriving in the United States after July 6, 2018, particularly
those tariffs imposed on certain Chinese-made products that we sell to our Retail customers. Further, based on information released
by the Office of the US Trade Representative, a second group of items have been announced. This second group of Chinese made
products are subject to an additional 10%, or greater, tariff; however no specific date has been announced upon which tariffs will
be imposed. We have been able to increase our selling price for most of the additional tariffs imposed on the initial group of
products. Until such time the Office of the US Trade Representative finalizes both the amount of the additional tariff to be imposed
on the second group of Chinese-made products and the effective date of said tariff, we are unable to address this second group
of products with our Retail customers on how to resolve the absorption of the additional costs incurred resulting from these new
tariffs. Should Florida Pneumatic be unable to pass through the additional cost created by the new tariffs, our gross margin on
the products subject to the new tariffs will be severely impacted. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations - Continued   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  - (Continued)    

Other than the aforementioned,
or that may be discussed further in this Management s Discussion and Analysis, there are no major trends or uncertainties
that had, or we could reasonably expect could have, a material impact on our revenue, nor was there any unusual or infrequent event,
transaction or any significant economic change that materially affected our results of operations. 

The tables below provide
an analysis of our net revenue for the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018 and 2017. 

Florida Pneumatic    

Florida Pneumatic markets
its air tool products to four primary sectors within the pneumatic tool market; Retail, Automotive, Aerospace and Industrial/catalog.
It also generates revenue from its Berkley products line, as well as a line of air filters and other OEM parts ( Other ). 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations - Continued   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  - (Continued)    

Florida Pneumatic    

Florida Pneumatic s
second quarter 2018 revenue increased 2.8% over the same period in 2017. An analysis of this change highlights the following: (a)
Our decision in 2017 not to renew a supply agreement with Sears, is the primary cause for the decline in Retail revenue this quarter,
compared to the same period a year ago. Additionally, there was a slight decline in The Home Depot revenue. (b) The increase in
Automotive revenue this quarter, compared to the same three-month period in 2017 was due primarily to an increase in consumer product
demand for our AIRCAT tools sold through a major on-line distributor, and to a lesser degree, an increase in revenue from our UAT
division headquartered in the United Kingdom. (c) T he Jiffy acquisition in April 2017  enabled
us to approach the aerospace sector with a much stronger brand and breadth of products. As the Jiffy management team continues
to improve and increase manufacturing output, revenue this quarter was nearly 55% greater than the same period one year ago. Lastly,
the growth in  Industrial/catalog revenue this quarter, compared to the same period in 2017 is due
primarily to the overall strengthening for this market sector.  

Florida
Pneumatic s six-month comparisons reflect similar results to those of the second quarter. Specifically, our Retail revenue
for the six-month period ended June 30, 2018 declined 22.8%, compared to the same period in 2017 due primarily to the absence of
Sears revenue, along with slight revenue decline from The Home Depot. For the first six months of 2018 our Automotive revenue increased
over the same period in 2017 by 10.1%, due primarily to increased consumer demand  for our AIRCAT tools, which are sold through
a major on-line distributor. As the acquisition of Jiffy occurred on April 5, 2017, our Aerospace revenue for the six-month period
ended June 30, 2017 only included Jiffy revenue from the date of acquisition through June 30, 2017, whereas the first six months
of 2018 includes Jiffy for the entire period. 

Hy-Tech    

Hy-Tech designs, manufactures
and sells a wide range of industrial products under the brands ATP, ATSCO, OZAT and NUMATX, which are categorized as  ATP 
for reporting purposes and include heavy duty air tools and air motors, industrial grinders, impact sockets, hydro-pneumatic riveters
and OEM business. Hy-Tech s other product lines, Thaxton and Quality Gear, are reported with its general machining business
as  Other  below. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations - Continued  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  - (Continued)    

Hy-Tech    

An increase in shipments
this quarter compared to the same period in 2017 to a large customer acquired in the ATSCO acquisition is the primary driver to
increase in our ATP revenue. Although shipments of our  engineered solutions  program, which pursues alternate markets
where we can exploit our engineering and manufacturing expertise, and develop different applications for our tools, motors and
accessories, was relatively flat this quarter, compared to the second quarter of 2017, orders this quarter continue to increase,
compared to prior year . As a result, our open orders for the engineered solutions products at June 30, 2018 have increased to
$914,000, compared to $591,000 at June 30, 2017. The engineered solutions marketing strategy continues to provide an opportunity
to generate new sources of revenue. 

The primary factor
contributing to the improvement in Hy-Tech s revenue for the six-month period ended June 30, 2018, compared to the same period
in 2017, was increased shipments to the ATSCO customer. This increase accounted for 75% of the improvement. Additional factors
affecting Hy-Tech s growth were an increase in our engineered solutions program and to a lesser extent revenue from our NUMATX
technology acquisition. Increases in shipments of our Thaxton line was the driver to the improved Other revenue. 

Gross profit / margin   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations - Continued  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  - (Continued)    

Although Florida Pneumatic s
second quarter 2018 gross margin is the same as what we reported for the comparable period in 2017, it is important to note that
as discussed earlier in this Management s Discussion and Analysis, we adopted ASC 606. This adoption reduced net revenue
by $243,000, thus resulting in a similar reduction in gross profit and a reduction in Florida Pneumatic s quarterly gross
margin of 1.3 percentage points. Promotional discounts, specifically related to our AIRCAT product line, caused a reduction in
Florida Pneumatic s gross margin this quarter; however, improved absorption during the quarter offset the aforementioned
promotional discounts. Lastly, our Jiffy product line increased its second quarter of 2018 gross margin, compared to the same period
last year, due primarily to improved overhead absorption. 

When comparing the
second quarter of 2018 to the same period in the prior year, Hy-Tech was able to improve its overall gross margin by 4.8 percentage
points, due primarily to the following: (a) greater absorption of its manufacturing overhead costs, driven by greater through-put
at its facility; (b) product mix, and (c) price increases on certain product lines. With improving product mix in its inventory,
Hy-Tech has also been able to reduce its obsolete and slow moving inventory charges this quarter, compared to the same period a
year ago. 

Florida Pneumatic s
gross margin for the six-month period ended June 30, 2018, was impacted` by several factors, the most significant of which was
the adoption of ASC 606 that negatively affected its gross profit by $457,000, and effectively lowering year to date gross margin
by 1.2 percentage points. Other factors impacting its six-month gross margin were promotional discounts and lower overhead absorption
during the first six months of 2018, compared to the same period in 2017. Additionally, during the three-month period ended March
31, 2018, foreign currency, specifically the weakness of the U.S. dollar to the Taiwan dollar adversely affected Florida Pneumatic s
gross margin. The aforementioned were partially offset by stronger gross margin for the Jiffy product lines. 

Hy-Tech s improved
gross margin reported for the six-month period ended June 30, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, continues to be driven
by greater absorption of its manufacturing overhead costs, better product mix, and price increases. Further, when comparing the
two six month periods, thus far in 2018, Hy-Tech has been able to reduce its obsolete and slow moving inventory charges. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses   

Selling, general and
administrative expenses ( SG A ) include salaries and related costs, commissions, travel, administrative facilities,
communications costs and promotional expenses for our direct sales and marketing staff, administrative and executive salaries and
related benefits, legal, accounting and other professional fees as well as general corporate overhead and certain engineering expenses. 

During the second quarter
of 2018, our SG A was $5,361,000, compared to $5,366,000 for the same three-month period in 2017. As the result of the adoption
of the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606, discussed above, we now classify certain expenses totaling $243,000 incurred during
the three-month period ended June 30 2018 as reductions against gross revenue that, prior to the adoption, were accounted for as
SG A. Significant components to the net change include: (i) an increase in compensation expenses of $259,000, which is comprised
of base salaries and wages, accrued performance-based bonus incentives, associated payroll taxes and employee benefits; (ii) an
increase in advertising and promotion expenses of $70,000; and (iii) increases in our stock-based compensation of $60,000, offset
by reductions in professional fees of $131,000, which related to the Jiffy Acquisition. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations - Continued  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  - (Continued)    

Selling, general and administrative expenses    (Continued)    

Our SG A for the
six-month period ended June 30, 2018 was $10,641,000, compared to $10,413,000 for the same period in 2017. The most significant
item contributing to the net increase was additional operating expenses incurred at Jiffy during the first quarter of 2018 of $581,000,
whereas there were no Jiffy SG A expenses during the first quarter of 2017. Additionally, as the result of the adoption of
the new revenue recognition standards, we now are required to classify as adjustments to net revenue certain expenses, which aggregated
approximately $457,000 during the six-month period ended June 30, 2018 that prior to the adoption were accounted for as SG A.
Other significant components include: (i) an increase in non-Jiffy compensation expenses of $192,000, which is comprised of base
salaries and wages, accrued performance-based bonus incentives, associated payroll taxes and employee benefits; (ii) reductions
in variable expenses of $345,000 due primarily to lower Retail revenue; (iii) reductions in professional fees of $357,000, which
related to the Jiffy Acquisition; and (iv) increases in our stock-based compensation of $120,000. 

Other expense (income)    

Other expense (income)
of $28,000 and $57,000, respectively, for the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018, represents the adjustment of the
fair value of the contingent consideration obligation to the Jiffy Seller as discussed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements. Other income of $24,000 for the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2017 is due to the receipt of the balance
of escrowed funds related to the sale in November 2016 of the real property located in Tampa, Florida. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   Continued  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  - (Continued)    

Interest   

The interest expense
for the three-month period ended June 30, 2018 is lower than the same period in the prior year, due to the fact that on April 5,
2017 we completed the purchase of Jiffy, which was funded through our Revolver or short term borrowings. At June 30, 2017, our
short term borrowing payable to the Bank was $4,537,000, whereas at June 30, 2018 the short term borrowing balance is $2,239,000.
Applicable margins added to our borrowings have decreased twenty-five basis points on both LIBOR and Base rate borrowings, however
prime rates have increased. The increase in amortization of debt issue costs is due to the expenses incurred with the amendment
to our Loan and Security Agreement ( Credit Agreement ) in April 2017 that related to the Jiffy acquisition. 

Similar to the discussion
above our interest expense for the six-month period ended June 30, 2018 was driven by the Jiffy acquisition and decreases in applicable
margin, offset by raising prime interest rates. 

Our average balance
of short-term borrowings during the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018 was $2,571,000 and $2,211,000, respectively,
compared to $6,011,000 and $3,073,000, respectively, during the same three and six-month periods in 2017. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   Continued  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  - (Continued)    

Income taxes   

At the end of each
interim reporting period, we estimate our effective tax rate expected to be applied for the full year. This estimate is used to
determine the income tax provision or benefit on a year-to-date basis, and may change in subsequent interim periods. Accordingly,
our effective tax rate for the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018 was 29.6% and 29.0%, respectively, compared to 0%
and 35.3%, respectively, for the same three and six-month periods in 2017. The effective tax rates for both periods were affected
primarily by state taxes, non-deductible expenses and foreign tax rate differentials. 

In addition to those
items mentioned above that affected our effective tax rates was the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the  Act ) which was enacted
on December 22, 2017. The Act reduces the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, required companies to pay a one-time
transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries previously deferred from tax, generally eliminates U.S federal income
taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries and creates a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income ( GILTI ).
Also on December 22, 2017, the Staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 ( SAB
118 ) which provides for a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment for companies to complete their accounting
for the Act. We are applying the guidance in SAB 118 when accounting for the enactment-date effects of the Act. 

As of June 30 2018,
we have not completed our accounting for the tax effects of the Act, but have made reasonable estimates of the effects on the re-measurement
of our deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as its transition tax liability. During the three and six-month periods ended
June 30, 2018, we made no adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded at December 31, 2017. Additionally, we have not yet collected
and analyzed all necessary tax and earnings data of our foreign operations and therefore have not yet completed our accounting
for the income tax effects of the transition tax. We will continue to make and refine the calculations as additional analysis is
completed. 

The Act also subjects
a U.S. shareholder to tax on GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. Under GAAP, we are permitted to make an accounting policy
election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or provide
for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as a period expense only. Given the complexity of the GILTI
provisions, we are still evaluating the effects of the GILTI provisions and have not yet made our accounting policy election. As
of June 30, 2018, because we are still evaluating the GILTI provisions, we have included tax expense related to GILTI for the current
year in our estimated annual effective tax rate and have not provided additional GILTI on deferred items. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   Continued  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

We monitor such metrics
as days  sales outstanding, inventory requirements, inventory turns, estimated future purchasing requirements and capital
expenditures to project liquidity needs, as well as evaluate return on assets. Our primary sources of funds are operating cash
flows and our Revolver Loan ( Revolver ) with our Bank. 

We gauge our liquidity
and financial stability by various measurements, some of which are shown in the following table: 

Credit facility    

In October 2010, we
entered into a Loan and Security Agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with an affiliate of Capital One, National Association
( Capital One  or the  Bank ). The Credit Agreement, as amended from time to time, among other things,
provides the ability to borrow funds under the Revolver arrangement. Revolver borrowings are secured by the Company s accounts
receivable, inventory, equipment and mortgages on real property. Additionally, there is a $1,600,000 line available for capital
expenditures ( Capex line ). The Credit Agreement includes a $100,000 Term Loan, as defined in the Credit Agreement.
This Term Loan remains in place to enable the Company and Capital One to facilitate future term loan borrowings more efficiently
and less costly. P F and certain of its subsidiaries are borrowers under the Credit Agreement, and their obligations are cross-guaranteed
by certain other subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement expires in February 2019.  We
believe that we will enter into a new credit agreement with Capital One or another financial institution prior to such expiration
date.  

At our option, Revolver
borrowings bear interest at either LIBOR ( London InterBank Offered Rate ) or the Base Rate, as the term is defined
in the Credit Agreement, plus an Applicable Margin, as defined in the Credit Agreement. We are subject to limitations on the number
of LIBOR borrowings. 

Contemporaneously with
the acquisition of the Jiffy business discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, we entered into a Second Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, (the  2017 Agreement ), with Capital One. The 2017 Agreement, among other
things, amended the Credit Agreement by: (1) increasing the maximum amount it can borrow under the Revolver Commitment (as defined)
to $16,000,000, subject to certain borrowing base criteria, and (2) modifying certain borrowing base criteria as well as financial
and other covenants. We incurred $84,000 of debt issue costs in connection with the 2017 Agreement. 

The Credit Agreement
also provides for certain Term Loan borrowings, which can be at either LIBOR or at the Base Rate, or a combination of the two,
plus the Applicable Margins. Applicable Margins on LIBOR borrowings at June 30, 2018, and December 31, 2017 were 1.50%. The Applicable
Margin added to the Base Rate for the same timeframes was 0.50%. At June 30 2018, we had a $100,000 Term Loan borrowing which is
included in Current maturities of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet. At both June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017
this Term Loan was at LIBOR. 

In April 2018, we borrowed
$400,000 against the Capex line. This borrowing is to be repaid in equal installments of approximately $6,700 payable monthly,
with the balance due in February 2019, unless the Credit Agreement is extended by the parties. $300,000 of this borrowing is at
LIBOR plus Applicable Margin, with the balance of $100,000 at the Base Rate, or prime rate plus Applicable Margin. While we intend
to renew the Credit Agreement currently in place, this obligation at June 30, 2018, is included in Current maturities of long-term
debt on our consolidated balance sheet. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   Continued  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES -
 Continued    

We provide Capital
One with monthly financial statements, borrowing base certificates and certificates of compliance with various financial covenants.
Should an event of default occur, the interest rate on all borrowings would increase by two percent per annum during the period
of default, in addition to other remedies provided to Capital One. 

We believe that should
a need arise for us to borrow funds in excess of the Revolver and Term loans currently in effect, our Bank would provide for additional
borrowings, based on the value of our real property or other assets.  

Cash flows    

During the six-month
period ended June 30, 2018, our net cash increased to $1,488,000 from $1,241,000 at December 31, 2017.   Our total bank
debt at June 30, 2018 was $2,733,000 and $2,028,000 at December 31, 2017. The total debt to total book capitalization (total
debt divided by total debt plus equity); at June 30, 2018 was 5.6% and at December 31, 2017 was 4.2%. 

During the six-month
period ended June 30, 2018, we received approximately $737,000 from the exercise of stock options. 

In February and May
2018, our Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.05 per share of our common stock, which were paid in March
2018, and May 2018, respectively. The total dividends paid through June 30, 2018 were $359,000. We intend to maintain the dividend
policy; however, the declaration of dividends under this policy going forward is dependent upon our financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors.   

On August 9, 2017,
our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 100,000 shares of our common stock over a period of up to twelve months
(the  Repurchase Program ). On August 24, 2017, we announced that, pursuant to the Repurchase Program, we had adopted
a written trading plan in accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Since
inception of the Repurchase Program, through June 30 2018, we repurchased approximately 81,000 shares of our common stock, the
cost of which was approximately $638,000.  During the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018, we repurchased 24,000
and 34,000 shares, respectively, under the Repurchase Program at a cost of approximately $199,000 and $280,000, respectively. 

Additionally, in June
2018, unrelated to the Repurchase Program, we purchased 18,140 shares of our common stock at a total cost of $150,000 in a privately
negotiated transaction. The purchase price per share was equal to five percent below the average of the closing price of its common
stock for the three days prior to the transaction. 

During the six-month
period ended June 30, 2018, we used $1,224,000 for capital expenditures, compared to $358,000 during the same period in the prior
year.  Capital expenditures for the balance of 2018 are expected to be approximately $650,000, some of which may be financed
through our credit facilities with Capital One, or financed through independent third party financial institutions. The remaining
2018 capital expenditures will likely be for machinery and equipment, tooling and computer hardware and software. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   Continued  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES -
 Continued    

Customer
concentration    

At June 30, 2018 and
December 31, 2017, accounts receivable from The Home Depot was 35.5% and 31.0%, respectively, of our total accounts receivable.
Additionally, revenue from The Home Depot during the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2018 was 24.8% and 24.2%, for the
same three and six month periods in 2017 The Home Depot revenue accounted for 29.0% and 29.8%, respectively. 

As previously mentioned
we elected not to renew an agreement with Sears, which expired September 30, 2017. We believe the loss of The Home Depot would
negatively impact our financial condition, but would not affect our ability to remain a going concern. 

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

Refer to Note 1 to
our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and pronouncements. 

We are currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02,  Leases , on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.  

In addition, in February
2018, the FASB issued No. ASU 2018-02,  Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income  (Topic 220): Reclassification of
Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ( ASU 2018-02 ). Under ASU 2018-02, an entity may elect
to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Reform Act on items within accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings.
ASU 2018-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted in any interim period. We are currently evaluating what impact, if any, adoption of ASU 2018-02 may have
on our consolidated financial statements. 

Other than the aforementioned,
we do not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting standard, if adopted, will have a material effect
on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3.   
       Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

Not required. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company's management,
with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ),
evaluated, as of June 30, 2018, the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, which were designed to be
effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2018, the Company s
management, including its CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable
assurance level at that date. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There was no change
in our internal control over financial reporting, identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d),
that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

There have been no material changes to the legal
proceedings disclosure described in our 2017 Form 10-K. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

There were no material changes to the risk factors
previously disclosed in our 2017 Form 10-K. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

(1)  
      On August 24, 2017, the Company announced that it had adopted a written trading plan for the purpose of repurchasing up to 100,000 shares of its common stock. This trading plan expires on August 23, 2018, and was adopted pursuant to an authorization of a stock repurchase program by the Company s Board which was publicly announced on August 10, 2017.   

(2)  
      Includes 18,140 shares purchased by the Company of its common stock at $8.26 per share in a privately negotiated transaction that was not part of the adopted written trading plan.    

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

None. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information    

None. 

Item 6.   
       Exhibits    

See  Exhibit Index  immediately following
the signature page. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.   

(Registrant)   

/s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, Jr.   

Joseph A. Molino, Jr.   

Chief Financial Officer   
 
      Dated: August 10, 2018  
      (Principal Financial and Chief Accounting Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

The following exhibits are either included in this report or
incorporated herein by reference as indicated below: 

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description of Exhibit    

10.1    
       
       Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2018, by and among the Company, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc. (formerly known as Bonanza Holdings Corp.), Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Green Manufacturing, Inc., Pacific Stair Products, Inc., WILP Holdings, Inc., Woodmark International, L.P, and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 27, 2018).    

31.1    
       
       Certification of Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

31.2    
       
       Certification of Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

32.1    
       
       Certification of Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .    

32.2    
       
       Certification of Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

101   
       
      *  Interactive Data   

* Attached as Exhibit 101 are the following,
each formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language ( XBRL ): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity; (iv) Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

A copy of any of the foregoing exhibits
to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be obtained, upon payment of the Registrant s reasonable expenses in furnishing
such exhibit, by writing to P F Industries, Inc., 445 Broadhollow Road, Suite 100, Melville New York 11747, Attention: Corporate
Secretary.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tv500122_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Richard A. Horowitz, certify that: 

1.       I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of P F Industries, Inc.; 

2.       Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.       Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter, in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ   

Richard A. Horowitz   
 
      Date: August 10, 2018  
       Principal Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tv500122_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Joseph A. Molino, Jr., certify that: 

1.       I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of P F Industries, Inc.; 

2.       Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.       Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter, in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, JR.   

Joseph A. Molino, Jr.   
 
      Date: August 10, 2018  
       Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tv500122_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of P F
Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended June 30, 2018, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Company,
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ   

Richard A. Horowitz   
 
      Date: August 10, 2018  
       Principal Executive Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tv500122_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of P F
Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended June 30, 2018, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, JR.   

Joseph A. Molino, Jr.   
 
      Date: August 10, 2018  
       Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pfin-20180630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pfin-20180630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pfin-20180630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pfin-20180630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pfin-20180630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pfin-20180630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

