curities and Exchange Commission   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended June
30, 2018  

OR  

For the transition period from                       
to                         

Commission File Number 000-55184  

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

British Columbia, Canada   
       98-1181717    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
     
          (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

29 Pitman Road   

  Barre, Vermont 05641   

  (Address of principal executive offices)  

(802) 461-2955   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    YES       NO    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES   
   NO    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a  large
accelerated filer ,  an accelerated filer , a  non-accelerated filer , or a  smaller reporting
company . See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Emerging growth company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    YES      NO    

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

Table of Contents   

Northern Power Systems Corp.   

FORM 10-Q   

INDEX   

Page No.  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.
       
       Financial
    Statements (unaudited)    
        3        

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 (unaudited)    
        3      

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (unaudited)
       
        5    

Consolidated
    Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Deficiency for the six months ended June 30, 2018 (unaudited)    
        6

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (unaudited)    
        7

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    
        8

Item 2.
       
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
        21

Item 3.
       
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
        29

Item 4.
       
       Controls
    and Procedures    
        29

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.
       
       Legal
    Proceedings    
        30

Item 1A.
       
       Risk
    Factors    
        30

Item 2.
       
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
        30

Item 3.
       
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities    
        30

Item 4.
       
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures    
        30

Item 5.
       
       Other
    Information    
        30

Item 6.
       
       Exhibits
       
        31

Signatures
        
        32

2  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.    Financial Statements     

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  AS OF JUNE 30, 2018 AND DECEMBER 31, 2017   

  (In thousands, except share amounts)   

(unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial statements. 

3  

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

AS OF JUNE 30, 2018 AND DECEMBER 31, 2017   

(In thousands, except share amounts)   

(unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial statements. 

4  

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)
INCOME  

  FOR THE THREE MONTHS AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2018 AND 2017   

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)   

(unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial
statements. 

5  

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  DEFICIENCY  

  FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2018  

  (In thousands except share amounts)   

(unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial
statements. 

6  

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2018 AND 2017   

  (All amounts in thousands)   

(unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial
statements. 

7  

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

AS OF THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2018 AND 2017   

(Unaudited, in thousands except share and per share amounts)   

1.    DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS     

Northern Power Systems Corp. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries,
 we ,  us ,  our ,  Northern Power Systems  or the  Company ) is a
provider of advanced renewable power generation and power conversion technology for the distributed energy sector. We design, manufacture
and service a suite of proven permanent magnet direct-drive ( PMDD ) wind turbine platforms for the distributed wind
market and provide power converters, software controls, and integration and development services for battery energy storage applications.
In 2017, we commenced developing sites for energy storage projects to provide end users with turn-key distributed energy solutions.
With our predecessor companies dating back to 1974 we have decades of experience in developing proven innovative energy solutions
in the power generation and conversion space. 

The Company is headquartered and our principal manufacturing is in Barre,
Vermont, and certain finance and business development teams are located in Massachusetts, with additional sales members located
in Zurich, Switzerland, and sales and service members in Bari, Italy, and warehousing and manufacturing in Bisaccia, Italy, and
Cornwall, U.K. The Company previously operated under the name Wind Power Holding, Inc. and was originally incorporated in Delaware
on August 12, 2008. Our common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol  NPS . 

On May 31, 2018, the Company announced that it had received a notice from the Toronto Stock Exchange that
it had initiated a review of the Company s eligibility for continued listing on the exchange. The Toronto Stock Exchange
identified several deficiencies regarding the Company s compliance with the Toronto Stock Exchange continued listing requirements,
including the fact that (i) the trading activity of the Company s securities has been so reduced as it does not warrant continued
listing, (ii) the market value of the Company s listed securities has been less than $3.0 million for the 30 previous consecutive
trading days, (iii) market value of the Company s publicly held listed securities has been less than $2.0 million for the
30 previous consecutive trading days and (iv) in the opinion of the Toronto Stock Exchange as well as management s assessment,
it is questionable as to whether the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. The Company is presently evaluating possible
courses of action to regain compliance with the Toronto Stock Exchange continued listing requirements. The Continued Listing
Committee of Toronto Stock Exchange ( the Listing Committee ) is scheduled to meet on September 13, 2018 to consider
whether or not to suspend trading in and delist the securities of the Company. The Company is entitled to make submissions to the
Listing Committee to address deficiencies on or before September 7, 2018. If the Company cannot demonstrate that it meets all of
the Toronto Stock Exchange continued listing requirements by September 21, 2018, the Company s securities will be delisted
30 days from such date.     

Liquidity    The Company has historically incurred operating
losses since its inception and had an accumulated deficit of $179.9 million, a working capital deficit of $5.5 million at June
30, 2018 and used cash in operations of $3.2 million during the six months ended June 30, 2018. Management anticipates incurring
additional losses until the Company can produce sufficient revenue to cover its operating costs, if ever. Since inception, the
Company has funded its net capital requirements with proceeds from private equity and public and debt offerings. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company evaluated these conditions
as well as actions taken in previous and current years to improve profitability. These actions included cost reductions by reducing
headcount and doing temporary furloughs, as well as restructuring management, reducing the cost of our core distributed wind products,
optimizing our supply chain, and monetizing certain of our utility wind assets. In addition, we have begun commercializing sales
of our power converters, and full-scope energy storage solutions. 

In the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company increased
its line of credit from $2.0 million to $2.5 million and extended the maturity date from December 31, 2017 to June 30, 2019. During
the second quarter of 2018 the Company became in breach of certain bank covenants. In working with its bank, the Company s
ability to borrow against its line of credit up to the maximum supported by its borrowing-base was continued until, on August 2,
2018, the Company executed a forbearance agreement with its bank. Such agreement allows the Company to borrow up to a maximum of
$0.9 million through November 30, 2018. The Company will be working during this time to execute a revised line of credit with its
bank. On August 2, 2018, the Company completed a convertible note transaction raising an additional $1.88 million. Subsequently
on August 7, 2018, an additional $0.12 million worth of convertible notes were closed, bringing the total amount raised to $2.0
million. An additional $0.75 million may also be raised under this transaction within the month of August 2018. 

Historically, our revenue has been driven by international
sales. The Italian authorities have drafted a new law that is currently under review. The new law provides for a feed-in-tariff
from the date of publication until December 31, 2020. The lack of clarity with respect to the feed-in-tariff and the delay in the
approval of a 2018-2020 feed-in-tariff has stalled commercial activity, orders, order closure and contract execution and is impacting
2018 revenue. Although it is currently expected that the 2018-2020 feed-in-tariff will become effective by the fourth quarter of
2018, there is no guarantee it will be approved and implemented in a timely manner or at favorable rates. We have and will reduce
headcount, including the use of temporary furloughs, or manufacturing activity as needed to maintain the Company s long-term
financial position. Despite our efforts, we cannot predict with certainty that the outcome of our plans and actions, nor our ability
to renew the Company s line of credit will be successful to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months from the
issuance of the financial statements and as such, these issues raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery and classification
of asset carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

8  

Basis of Presentation    The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions
to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by
U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements and, therefore, should be read in conjunction with the Company s 2017 consolidated
financial statements and related notes included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (File
No. 000-55184). The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 was derived from the Company s annual audited
financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the timing and amount of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, and expenses reported and disclosed.
Actual amounts could differ from these estimates. All adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the
opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods, have been recorded. Actual amounts
could differ from these estimates. Due to differing business conditions and seasonality, operating results for the six months ended
June 30, 2018 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in subsequent quarters or for the full year ending
December 31, 2018. As of January 1, 2018, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers.  The impact of implementing this standard was a decrease in deferred revenue of approximately $0.1 and a corresponding
reduction of accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2018. See Note 2 for further information. 

Comprehensive Loss    Cumulative translation adjustments are excluded
from net loss and shown as a separate component of shareholders  deficiency. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers  and has subsequently issued several supplemental and clarifying ASUs (collectively known as  ASC
606 ). The core principle of ASC 606 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for
those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: identify the contract(s) with
a customer; identify the performance obligations in the contract; determine the transaction price; allocate the transaction price
to the performance obligations in the contract; and recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.
ASC 606 is effective for public entities for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December
15, 2017. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASC 606. The Company adopted
this standard on January, 1, 2018 and elected the modified retrospective method which was applied to all contracts that were not
completed. The performance obligations identified under ASC 606 are in line with the elements previously identified under ASC 605.
Further, there was no change in the timing of revenue recognition for our performance obligations. ASC 606 primarily affected the
determination of the transaction price and allocation to our performance obligations based on the respective stand-alone selling
prices. The transaction price includes measures of variable consideration, not previously available for allocation. The stand-alone
selling price is computed using sales data or cost plus margin data depending on the revenue stream. These methods are different
from the previous best estimated selling price used to allocate under ASC 605. The impact of implementing ASC 606 was a decrease
in deferred revenue of approximately $0.1 million and a corresponding reduction of accumulated deficit for the period commencing
on January 1, 2018. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. See Note 2 for further information. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842).
The new standard requires that all lessees recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases on the balance sheet and
disclose qualitative and quantitative information about its leasing arrangements. This new standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. We are currently in
the process of identifying our leases and evaluating the effect of this update on our consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows 
(Topic 230). This update indicates that there is diversity in the practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230.This amendment provides guidance on eight specific cash flow issues
with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. Public business entities should apply the guidance in Update
2016-15 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting
period. The adoption of the ASU did not have an impact on our financial statements. 

9  

In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation:
Scope of Modification Accounting , which clarifies when changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award must
be accounted for as modifications. Under the new guidance, modification accounting is required only if the fair value, the vesting
conditions, or the classification of the award changes as a result of the change in terms or conditions. ASU 2017-09 will be applied
prospectively to awards modified on or after the adoption date. The standard is effective for annual period beginning after December
15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company s results of operations, financial
position, cash flows and disclosures will be based on any future modifications. 

In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02  Income Statement Reporting
Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. The guidance
is  effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption of the amendments in this Update is permitted, including adoption in any interim period, (1) for public business
entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued and (2) for all other entities for reporting
periods for which financial statements have not yet been made available for issuance. The amendments in this Update should be applied
either in the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period (or periods) in which the effect of the change in the U.S. federal
corporate income tax rate in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is recognized. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have an impact
on our financial statements. 

In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-03 Technical Corrections
and Improvements to Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
those fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2018. Public business entities with fiscal years beginning between December 15, 2017,
and June 15, 2018, are not required to adopt these amendments until the interim period beginning after June 15, 2018, and public
business entities with fiscal years beginning between June 15, 2018, and December 15, 2018, are not required to adopt these amendments
before adopting the amendments in Update 2016-01. For all other entities, the effective date is the same as the effective date
in Update 2016-01. All entities may early adopt these amendments for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within those fiscal years, as long as they have adopted Update 2016-01. The adoption of this ASU is not expected
to have an impact on our financial statements. 

In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07  
Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. These amendments expand
the scope of Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (which currently only includes share-based payments to employees)
to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based payments
to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. The ASU supersedes Subtopic 505-50, Equity Equity-Based Payments
to Non-Employees. This ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within that fiscal year. For all other companies, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2019, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier
than a company s adoption date of Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The adoption of this ASU is not expected
to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

There were no other new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became
effective since the issuance of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on
our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 using
the modified retrospective method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of December 31, 2017. Results for reporting
periods beginning January 1, 2018 are presented under Topic 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be
reported under the accounting standards in effect at that time. Upon adoption, the Company recorded a decrease to deferred revenue
of $0.1 million and corresponding reduction of accumulated deficit. The performance obligations identified under ASC 606 are in
line with the elements previously identified under ASC 605. Further, there was no change in the timing of revenue recognition for
our performance obligations. ASC 606 primarily affected the determination of the transaction price and allocation to our performance
obligations based on the respective stand-alone selling prices. The transaction price includes measures of variable consideration,
not previously available for allocation. The stand-alone selling price is computed using sales data or cost plus margin data depending
on the revenue stream. These methods are different from the previous best estimated selling price used to allocate under ASC 605. 

The impact of adopting Topic 606 versus ASC 605 for the three months ended was $0 million and six months ended
June 30, 2018 was a $0.6 million increase to product revenue with an offsetting decrease to customer deposit, and a $0.1 decrease
to service revenue with an offsetting reduction in accumulated deficit which was captured in the transition adjustment as of January
1, 2018. 

10  

Performance obligations   -  

A performance obligation is a promise made within a
contract to transfer a good or service to a customer, and is the unit of accounting under ASC 606. The Company s turbine
and integrated battery energy storage systems ( BESS ) sales contracts usually include several performance obligations:
the turbine or BESS product, commissioning services, and sometimes installation and/or extended warranty services. The Company
also enters separate contracts that provide operations and maintenance (O M), and Performance Guaranty Program (PGP). 

Allocation of contract value  - 

The contract transaction price is allocated to each
distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligations are satisfied. For contracts
entered with customers located in Italy, the Company considers that there is a sufficient population of contracts and uses actual
recent historical sales price data to establish a range within which can be considered as estimated stand-alone pricing for the
product, installation and commissioning services. For any units that fall outside of the average range by plus or minus 10%, and
for contracts with customers in countries other than Italy where there is not a sufficient population of contracts to determine
a range, the Company uses the cost plus margin approach. For these arrangements, the revenue is allocated to each of the performance
obligations based upon using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract
based on the cost plus a margin approach, under which we forecast our expected costs of satisfying a performance obligation and
then add an appropriate, estimated margin for that distinct good or service. 

Timing of revenue recognition  - 

Revenues from product sales are recognized at a point
in time when control is transferred which is generally at the time of shipment. Revenues from commissioning and installations services
are recognized when the services have been completed. Revenues from other services including extended warranty, operations and
maintenance (O M), and Performance Guaranty Program (PGP) are recognized over time as work is performed and performance obligations
are satisfied. The Company uses a time based measure of progress because it transfers the benefit of services over time as it performs
the services and recognizes revenue ratably over the time period. 

For certain international turbine sales, the
Company provides logistics services (including shipment and warehousing), and assistance with customer clearance if
requested. In these instances, the Company recognizes revenue for the turbine product once it has cleared customs and has
been shipped from logistics warehouses. Revenue from installation and commissioning is recognized at a point in time when the
services are performed. In certain infrequent cases, the Company will recognize revenue when control is transferred and the
Company retains possession of the product if all of the criteria for a bill and hold arrangement have been met which include
(1) there is a substantive reason for the arrangement, (2) the product is identified as separately belonging to the customer
and is ready for physical transfer to the customer, and (3) the Company does not have the ability to use or transfer the
product to another customer. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2018, revenue resulting from bill and
hold transactions amounted to $0.0 million and $0.6 million, respectively. There were no bill and hold transactions recorded
under ASC 605 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2017. 

PGP contracts provide maintenance services over a ten-year
period beginning at commissioning. Revenue from PGP contracts is treated as variable consideration under ASC 606 as revenue is
earned depending on the actual power performance of the turbines. These services are billed annually or semi-annually at a base
amount with a premium for production in excess of a floor which depends on location and wind speed. Revenue is recognized as earned
based on estimates and is later adjusted to actual when it is determined. Expenses are recorded as a cost of sale as incurred.
In the event that the Company does not meet certain guaranteed service levels, the Company is required to provide liquidated damages
to the customer per applicable liquidated damages formulas for each contract. The Company allows customers with PGP contracts to
net liquidated damages against payments due for the PGP. 

Contract balances       

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections, and the satisfaction of performance obligations
results in billed accounts receivable, and unbilled receivables, and contract assets that consist of deferred cost of goods sold.
Customer advances and deposits, extended warranties and deferred revenue represent contract liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets. Typically, the final 10%-30% of the turbine value for billing is due subsequent to the shipping/delivery of a turbine to
the customer. Our current policy states that, to the extent that the value ascribed to the product value at shipment (delivery)
is greater than the value billed to date the difference is recognized as unbilled receivables. Amounts received from customers
in advance of shipment are recorded as customer deposits. We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in
advance of our performance, including amounts which are refundable. Customer deposits are applied when revenue is recognized. 

11  

At June 30, 2018, the Company had $1.5 million of revenue to be
recognized from performance obligations extending over more than one year for extended warranty. The Company expects to
recognize these revenues as follows - $0.6 in 2018, $0.6 million in 2019, and $0.3 million in 2020. Revenue to be recognized
for performance obligations extending through 2021 and 2022 are immaterial. We have not disclosed the value of unsatisfied
performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less. These performance obligations
consist of commissioning and installation services that typically occur shortly after the equipment is delivered. 

The Company recognized $1.8 million of revenue that
was included in the beginning balance of contract liabilities for the six-month period ended June 30, 2018. Contract assets decreased
by $0.2 during the six months ended June 30, 2018 resulting from the recognition of certain deferred costs for a unit recognized
as revenue within the period. Contract liabilities consisting of customer deposits increased by $0.7 resulting from new customer
deposits collected and decreased by $1.0 for customer deposits that settled during the six-month period ended June 30, 2018. 

Practical Expedients and Exemptions      

Sales commissions associated with product sales are expensed when incurred
because the Company determined that any portion of the commissions that exceeded a one-year amortization period is immaterial.
These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses. 

Disaggregation of Revenue       

For the three months ended June 30, 2018, substantially all of the Company s revenue was related
to distributed wind. For the six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company s product revenue consisted of $1.4 million for
distributed wind products and $0.6 million for sales of energy storage systems and substantially all of the Company s service
revenue was related to distributed wind. 

The following table disaggregates revenue by geographic region based on shipments
and/or services to customers: 

During the three months ended June 30, 2018, the
Company had revenue recognized at a point in time of $1.4 million and over time of $0.8 million. During the six months ended June
30, 2018, the Company had revenue recognized over time of $2.2 million and at a point in time of $1.6 million. 

12  

3.    NET LOSS PER SHARE    

Basic loss per share is determined by dividing net loss attributable to common
shareholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share is determined by dividing
income attributable to common shareholders by diluted weighted average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted weighted average
shares reflect the dilutive effect, if any, of potential common shares. To the extent their effect is dilutive, employee equity
awards and restricted common shares, based on the treasury stock method, are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per
share. All common share options were excluded from the denominator in the calculation of dilutive earnings per share, as their
inclusion would have been antidilutive, due to the net loss of the Company. 

4.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT     

The Company measures fair value using the framework specified in U.S. GAAP.
This framework emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an equity-specific measurement, and establishes a
fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between assumptions based on market data obtained from independent sources and those based
on an entity s own assumptions. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs for fair value measurement into three levels: 

Level 1    Measurements utilizing unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets that the entity has the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2    Measurements that include quoted prices for similar
assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active, and other observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. 

Level 3    Measurements using unobservable inputs for assets
or liabilities for which little or no market information exists, and are based on the best information available and might include
the entity s own data. 

In some valuations, the inputs used may fall into different levels of the
hierarchy. In these cases, the financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Financial Instruments    The Company s financial instruments
consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, unbilled revenue, accounts payable and the working capital
revolving line of credit. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, unbilled revenue, accounts payable
and the working capital revolving line of credit, as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, approximate fair value due to
their short-term nature. The Company defines cash equivalents as highly liquid instruments with maturities of three months or
less that are regarded as high quality, low risk investments. Cash equivalents when held consist of principally FDIC insured certificates
of deposits. 

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements    The Company holds
certain assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to initial recognition.
There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at June 30, 2018 or December 31, 2017. 

5.    INVENTORIES     

Inventories, net of reserves, as of June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017
consist of: 

13  

For the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, the Company recorded
inventory provisions of $2 and $3, respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, the Company recorded inventory
provisions of $8 and $3, respectively. 

14  

6.    PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT     

Property, plant, and equipment, net of depreciation, at June 30, 2018 and
December 31, 2017 consist of: 

Depreciation expense was $123 and $250 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018, respectively. Depreciation
expense was $128 and $246 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2017, respectively. 

Amortization expense for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 was
$0 and $9, respectively. 

7.    GAIN ON SALE OF ASSETS   

On October 26, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive
agreement for WEG Electric Corp. and WEG Equipamentos Eletricos S.A. (collectively,  WEG ) to acquire some of the Company s
utility wind assets. Under the agreement, the proven utility scale direct drive technology developed are solely owned by WEG and
its affiliates. All assets and liabilities, including the related patent portfolio for utility wind greater than 1.5 MW were acquired
by WEG. In addition, WEG assumed all liabilities related to a maintenance agreement the Company had entered into upon the sale
of two prototype turbines to a customer. WEG will continue to compensate the Company under the existing arrangement paying royalties
for sales in South America resulting in future payments of potentially up to approximately $10.0 million, of which $3.0 million
are fixed payments, which have been historically collected. Additionally, WEG will potentially pay the Company up to $17.5 million
in royalty payments over the next decade for turbines shipped anywhere outside of South America. 

Any future royalty payments will be considered additional proceeds from sale and will be recorded as gain
on sale of assets in the consolidated statements of operations. Gain on sale of assets for the three months ended June 30, 2018
and 2017 was $0 and $150, respectively. Gain on sale of assets for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 was $0 and $0.4
million, respectively. Unbilled revenue includes $0 million and $0.5 million, related to this transaction as of June 30, 2018 and
December 31, 2017, respectively. 

Debt at June 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 consist of: 

15  

In December 2017, the Company amended its foreign working capital revolving
line of credit with Comerica to extend the maturity date of December 31, 2017 to June 30, 2019. The line of credit was increased
from $2.0 million to $2.5 million with the available borrowing base being limited to the amount of collateral available at the
time the line is drawn. All other significant terms of the line of credit remained the same. The renegotiated loan agreement with
Comerica contains a financial covenant which requires the Company to maintain unencumbered liquid assets having a value of at
least $1.0 million at all times. As of June 30, 2018, the Company is non-compliant with the $1.0 million threshold. In addition,
the Company was not compliant with a requirement to have not more than $0.5 million at banks other than Comerica. At June 30,
2018, we had unencumbered liquid assets having a value of $0.3 million. On May 29, 2018, Comerica informed the Company that the
Company was no longer in compliance with two covenants (collectively, the  Covenants ) under that certain Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and between the Company and Comerica dated December 31, 2013 and as amended (the  Loan ). In
connection with the above referenced financing, the Company and Comerica Bank entered into a Forbearance Agreement and Comerica
agreed to among other things, to forbear existing defaults and non-compliance under the Loan through the end of November 2018.
Under such agreement we may borrow up to $0.9 million through November 30, 2018. 

At June 30, 2018, there was $1.0 million outstanding
on the revolving line of credit and $0 outstanding in performance and warranty letters of credit. The Company had no further capability
to borrow under its line of credit based upon its limitations in available collateral. 

9.    ACCRUED EXPENSES     

Accrued expenses consist of: 

Changes in the Company s product warranty accrual consisted of the following: 

Common Shares-No Par   The Company s authorized capital
consists of an unlimited number of voting common shares and an unlimited number of class B restricted voting shares. As of June
30, 2018, there were 23,853,884 voting common shares issued and outstanding and no class B restricted voting shares issued and
outstanding. 

11.    STOCK BASED COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS     

Northern Power Systems Corp. 2014 Stock Option and Incentive Plan ( 2014
NPS Corp Plan ) The Company has adopted the 2014 NPS Corp Plan, which reserved 4,000,000 shares of the Company s
voting common shares for both future exercise of outstanding stock options and shares available for future outstanding grants.
Effective June 27, 2018 the company increased it available reserved shares for both the future exercise of outstanding options
and shares by 2,000,000 shares to 6,000,000 shares. The Company is accounting for grants under the 2014 NPS Corp Plan as equity
awards. 

16  

A summary of the stock option activity under
the 2014 NPS Corp Plan for the six months ended June 30, 2018, is as follows:    

As of June 30, 2018, 3,104,289 options were available for grant under the
2014 NPS Corp Plan. 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference
between the fair value of common shares and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money, stock options. 

At June 30, 2018, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to
non-vested stock options is $37 which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of 1.4 years. 

There were no restricted share grants issued during the six months ended
June 30, 2018. 

In May 2017, the Company granted 240,000 restricted common shares, with a
fair value per share of $0.16 to its non-employee directors under the 2014 NPS Corp Plan as part of each such director s
annual retainer for service on the Company s Board of Directors. These restricted common share grants vested 25% on the grant
date and 25% on June 30, 2017, and vested 25% on September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2017. 

The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense net of estimated forfeitures on a straight-line basis
over the requisite service period. The forfeiture rate was 10% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017. Stock-based
compensation expense, a non-cash expense, is included in each respective expense category as follows, for the three and six months
ended June 30, 2018 and 2017: 

17  

The Company has a defined contribution plan covering substantially all of
its employees, subject to certain eligibility requirements. Under the plan, participating employees may defer up to 15% of their
pre-tax compensation, as defined. The Company contributes 25% of the amount contributed by a participating employee, up to a maximum
of 6% of the participant s pre-tax compensation. Company matching contributions for the three months ended June 30, 2018
and 2017 were $10 and $11, respectively. Company matching contributions for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 were $24,
and $24, respectively 

For the three and six months ended June 30, 2018, the Company recorded income tax expense of $20 and
$35, respectively, which is comprised of $16 current expense and $4 deferred expense for the three months ended June 30, 2018
and is comprised of $28 current expense and $7 deferred expense for the six months ended June 30, 2018. 

For the three and six months ended June 30, 2017, the Company recorded
income tax expense of $18 and $34, respectively, which is comprised of $14 current expense and $4 deferred expense for the three
months ended June 30, 2017 and is comprised of $28 current expense and $7 deferred expense for the six months ended June 30,
2017. 

During 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the  Act )
was signed into law. Among other changes, the Act significantly changes corporate income tax law by reducing the corporate income
tax rate from 35% to 21%, creating a territorial tax system including a one-time transition tax on the untaxed cumulative
foreign earnings and profits as of December 31, 2017, adding a new inclusion rule for global intangible low-taxed income ( GILTI )
and deduction for foreign derived intangible income ( FDII ), and allowing for immediate capital expensing of certain
qualified property. Under the Act, federal net operating loss carryforwards generated as of the end of 2017 continue to be carried
forward for 20 years and are generally available to fully offset taxable income earned in a tax year. Federal net operating losses
generated after 2017 will be carried forward indefinitely, but generally may only offset up to 80% of taxable income earned in
future tax years. The tax laws are generally effective for the 2018 tax year. However, the Company recognized certain effects of
changes in tax laws in 2017, which was when the new legislation was enacted. Specifically, the Company remeasured the deferred
tax assets and liabilities in 2017 based on the rate at which they are expected to reverse in the future. 

On December 22, 2017, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 118 to address the application of U.S. GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information
available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax
effects of the Tax Legislation. The Company has recognized the provisional tax impacts related to the revaluation of deferred
tax assets and liabilities and included these amounts in its consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2017. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has substantially completed its accounting for the tax effects of the 2017 Tax Act. 
If revisions are needed as new information becomes available, the final determination of the deemed re-measurement of the Company s
deferred assets and liabilities, the deemed mandatory repatriation or other applicable provisions of the Tax Legislation will
be completed as additional information becomes available, but no later than one year from the enactment of the 2017 Tax Act. 

As of December 31, 2017, the Company had $137,277
of federal net operating loss carryforwards that expire beginning in 2028, $81,386 of state net operating loss carryforwards that
expire from 2018 through 2028, and $1,462 of research and development tax credits that begin to expire in 2028. The amount of
the net operating loss and research and development tax credit carryforwards that may be utilized annually to offset future taxable
income and tax liability may be limited as a result of certain ownership changes pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code. The Company has completed a Section 382 study, through June 30, 2017, to assess if any ownership changes would have
caused limitations to our net operating loss carryforwards. Based on that study, the Company has concluded an ownership change
occurred on September 19, 2008 and therefore there is potential for $2,600 of net operating loss to be limited. For the period
September 20, 2008 through June 30, 2017, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that there has not been
an ownership change under Section 382. We have not completed an updated Section 382 study for periods after June 30,
2017, and as such are not able to assess whether and ownership change has occurred that could cause limitations to our net operating
loss carryforwards. 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in
the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A valuation allowance is established for
any deferred tax asset for which realization is not more likely than not. The net deferred tax liability as of June 30, 2018 and
December 31, 2017 includes deferred tax liabilities related to amortizable goodwill, which are anticipated to reverse in an indefinite
period and which are not currently available as a source of taxable income. The net deferred tax liability is classified as long
term on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

18  

The Company recognizes in its consolidated financial statements only those
tax positions that are  more likely than not  of being sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, based on the
technical merits of the position. As of June 30, 2018, there are no uncertain tax positions. In addition, there are no amounts
required to be included in the financial statements for interest or penalties on uncertain tax positions. 

The chief operating decision maker re-evaluates the Company s business
structure to best align reporting with the Company s operating strategies. The Company s operating strategy includes
direct product sales and related service as its core focus. Therefore, the Company has concluded that it has one reportable segment. 

The Company completed the initial closing of a private placement financing
effected under the financial hardship exemption available to companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under certain circumstances
(the  Financing ). At the initial closing, the Company issued Convertible Subordinated Promissory Notes (the  Notes )
to certain new investors as well as certain existing investors, in the aggregate amount of C$2,446,642 or US$1,880,000. 

Under the Financing, (i) the new investors agreed to invest up to an aggregate
of C$650,703 or US$500,000 which amount was conditioned upon the existing investors investing an aggregate of C$1,952,108 or US$1,500,000
and (ii) the Company may raise up to an aggregate of US$2,750,000. As of the date hereof, the existing investors have invested
an aggregate of C$1,952,108 or US$1,500,000 and the new investors have invested C$494,535 or US$380,000. Subsequently on August
7, 2018, a further $0.12 million worth of convertible notes were closed, bringing the total amount raised to $2.0 million. The
remaining US$750,000 contemplated to be raised under the Financing is expected to close, if at all, by August 31, 2018. 

The investors may convert the Notes at any time into shares of the Company s
common shares ( Shares ). Interest under the Notes accrues but shall not be due and payable until the maturity date.
Under the Notes the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest under each Note shall be convertible, in whole or in part,
at the option of the holder at any time prior to the maturity date, into shares of common stock at a per share price of C$.0675
or US$.051 (the  Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price of C$.0675 per Share or US$.051 is approximately a 32.5%
discount to the market price of C$.10 per Share or US$.076 per Share based on the volume weighted average trading price of the
Company s common shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately prior to, and including, July 10, 2018. 

In connection with the above referenced financing,
the Company and Comerica Bank entered into a Forbearance Agreement and Comerica agreed to among other things, to forbear existing
defaults and non-compliance under the Loan through the end of November 2018. 

On August 7, 2018 the Company announced that Ciel
R. Caldwell, the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer and current interim Chief Financial Officer, was resigning
as President and Chief Operating Officer of Northern Power System Corp. She re-assumed the responsibilities Chief Financial
Officer effective as such date. The Company has experienced significant loss of key financial personnel within the second quarter
of 2018, as well as subsequent to June 30, 2018. Commensurate to her resignation from the position of President and Chief Operating
Officer she also resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company as well as its Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.
On August 7, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed William St. Lawrence and Reinout G. Oussoren as Interim Co-Chief
Executive Officers of the Company. 

Except as disclosed above, the Company evaluated
subsequent events through the date of the filing and had no additional subsequent events to report. 

16.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES     

During 2015, the Defense Contract Auditing Agency ( DCAA ) completed
field work on the 2004 audit and issued a final report to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ). NREL has
not issued a final determination related to the findings as of September 30, 2017. The DCAA considers the years 2005 through 2007
and 2010 open for audit, however, there has been no audit activity related to these years and the Company has not received formal
notification that such audits are on hold. Management believes that as of the date of these financial statements these audits have
been delayed or placed on hold. Based upon the lack of a final determination from NREL on the 2004 audit and lack of activity on
later audits, the Company does not have adequate information at the date of issuance of these financial statements to determine
if the outcome of any of these remaining open audits will result in a cost to the Company. The Company, however, does not expect
a material impact based on the results of previous audits. 

19  

The Company has entered into several operating lease agreements, primarily
for the lease of office and manufacturing facilities, and office equipment, expiring through 2020. Rental expense under these
operating lease arrangements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 was $68 and $135, respectively. Rental expense under
these operating lease arrangements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2017 was $125 and $229, respectively. In June
2017, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for its headquarters and production facility in Barre, Vermont. The lease
term commenced on August 1, 2017 and expires July 31, 2020, with an option to extend the lease term for a single three-year period.
Furthermore, the Company has subleased a portion of its Barre facility. Future minimum lease payments, net of sublease income,
under non-cancelable lease agreements (with initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year) are as follows: 

20  

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   

  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Annual Report ) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ) on April 2, 2018.   

Forward-Looking Statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect the views
of our management regarding current expectations and projections about future events and are based on currently available information.
Actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including
those described in this discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those set forth under  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Accordingly, readers should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The use of words such as  anticipates,   estimates, 
 expects,   intends,   plans  and  believes,  among others, generally identify
forward-looking statements; however, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. In addition, any statements
that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult
to predict. We are not under any obligation to, and do not intend to, publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, even if experience or future events make it clear that any
expected results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements will not be realized. Please carefully review and consider
the various disclosures made in this report and in our other reports filed with the SEC that attempt to advise interested parties
of the risks and factors that may affect our business, prospects and results of operations.   

Overview   

We are a provider of advanced renewable power generation and power conversion technology
for the distributed energy sector. We design, manufacture and service a suite of proven permanent magnet direct-drive ( PMDD )
wind turbine platforms for the distributed wind market and provide power converters, software controls, and integration and development
services for battery energy storage applications. In 2017, we commenced developing sites for energy storage projects to provide
end users with turn-key distributed energy solutions. Historically, we licensed our utility-class wind turbine platform, which
uses the same PMDD technology as our distributed turbines, to large manufacturers. In October 2016, we completed the transfer of
these technology rights, which enabled us to focus our efforts on the distributed energy business. With our predecessor companies
dating back to 1974, we have decades of experience in developing proven innovative energy solutions in the power generation and
conversion space. 

Our PMDD wind turbine technology is based on a simplified architecture that utilizes
a unique combination of a permanent magnet generator and direct-drive design. The permanent magnet generator provides higher efficiency
and higher energy capture than units that utilize a traditional gearbox design. Importantly, our direct-drive turbine design requires
significantly fewer moving parts than traditional geared turbines, which increases reliability due to reduced maintenance and downtime
costs. Since our early days of pioneering this technology, PMDD has become an industry standard. 

Our current sales are primarily in the small wind subset of the distributed wind market,
which is commonly known to consist of turbines with rated capacities of 500 kW output or smaller. Based on the number of turbines
that we have sold and installed to date, we consider ourselves a leader in the U.S., U.K., and Italy in the largest sub-segment
of this market in terms of energy output, turbines ranging in size from 50 kW to 100 kW. Since the introduction of our second generation
60 kW and 100 kW PMDD wind turbines in late 2008, we have sold over 800 of these turbines. To date, these units, in the aggregate,
have run for over twenty million hours. Our distributed wind customers include financial investors and project developers, but
also the end users themselves such as farms, schools, municipalities, businesses, remote villages, and U.S. military installations. 

21  

Historically, our largest markets for wind turbines have been the Italy and UK. Sales
of our turbines in these countries, have been driven and supported by government sponsored feed-in-tariff programs or economic
incentives. Unfortunately, the Italian feed-in-tariff for distributed wind that boosted sales in 2017 expired on June 30, 2017
without extension. Uncertainty in the marketplace regarding the status of a new feed-in-tariff and prolonged delays surrounding
the drafting, approval, adoption and ultimately the implementation of a new feed-in-tariff regime in Italy for distributed wind,
together with uncertainty surrounding the Italian election and government, has halted sales of our distributed wind products in
Italy. Accordingly, in April 2018, we restructured operations to maintain manufacturing activity consistent with market traction.
In connection with the restructuring, we took steps to reduce our workforce and temporarily suspended full-scale manufacturing
activities for its distributed wind business until at least the third quarter of 2018. We anticipate that with the expected implementation
of the new feed-in-tariff in the fourth quarter of 2018, Italy, once again, will be a robust market for our distributed wind turbines.
While manufacturing is suspended, we will continue to sell and market its products across the globe and all orders will be slotted
to be manufactured in the third quarter of 2018.  Similarly, sales in the UK have slowed due to the transmission and/or distribution
network congestion, restricted grid connections and political uncertainties, including Brexit and regulatory policies. 

We had developed a 2 MW turbine platform with three wind-speed regime variants based
upon our PMDD technology, of which the 2.3 MW variant is certified to International Electrotechnical Commission, or IEC, standard
61400-1 by Det Norske Veritas, or DNV, a globally recognized certification firm. On October 26, 2016, we entered into a definitive
agreement for WEG Electric Corp. and WEG Equipamentos El tricos S.A. (collectively,  WEG ), to acquire certain
of our utility wind assets. Under the agreement, the proven utility scale direct drive technology we developed are solely owned
by WEG and its affiliates. 

Regarding the power electronics product line, we have been developing our power converter
technology since the early 2000s. Our capabilities in this area resulted from the complex power conversion technology required
for wind power generation. We currently sell our MW power converters for a range of applications under the branded name of FlexPhase.
Our power electronics products are incorporated into our distributed wind turbines, and also sold independently for use in microgrids
and energy storage projects. Our FlexPhase products are modular in nature allowing for a common platform to service multiple applications.
Currently, we are actively commercializing sales of our power converters products as part of integrated battery energy storage
systems ( BESS ), working with various battery manufactures and systems integrators. 

In addition to wind turbine and productized energy storage solutions, we are developing
sites for energy storage projects and provide technology development services to customers for more complex energy storage, microgrid,
and grid stabilization situations. While our efforts to develop sites for energy storage projects and providing technology development
services to customers are in the early stages, these capabilities and expertise serve as a differentiator for our company with
our customers. 

For the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, we generated revenues of $2.2 million and $17.8 million, respectively.
For the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017, we incurred net loss of $1.0 million and earned a net income of $0.9 million,
respectively. We have an accumulated deficit of $179.9 million as of June 30, 2018. 

We are headquartered and our principal manufacturing is in Barre, Vermont, and certain
finance and business development teams are located in Massachusetts, with additional sales offices in Zurich, Switzerland, and
sales and service office in Bari, Italy, and warehousing and manufacturing in Bisaccia, Italy, and Cornwall, U.K. We previously
operated under the name Wind Power Holdings, Inc. and was originally incorporated in Delaware on August 12, 2008. Our common shares
are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol  NPS . 

On May 31, 2018 we announced that it had received a notice from the Toronto Stock Exchange that it had initiated
a review of our eligibility for continued listing on the exchange. The Toronto Stock Exchange identified several deficiencies regarding
our compliance with the Toronto Stock Exchange continued listing requirements, including the fact that (i) the trading activity
of our securities has been so reduced as it does not warrant continued listing, (ii) the market value of our listed securities
has been less than $3.0 million for the 30 previous consecutive trading days, (iii) market value of our publicly held listed securities
has been less than $2.0 million for the 30 previous consecutive trading days and (iv) in the opinion of the Toronto Stock Exchange
as well as based upon our assessment, it is questionable as to whether we will be able to continue as a going concern. We are presently
evaluating possible courses of action to regain compliance with the Toronto Stock Exchange continued listing requirements. The
Continued Listing Committee of Toronto Stock Exchange is scheduled to meet on September 13, 2018 to consider whether or not to
suspend trading in and delist the securities of the Company. We are entitled to make submissions to the Listing Committee to address
deficiencies on or before September 7, 2018. If we cannot demonstrate that it meets all of the Toronto Stock Exchange continued
listing requirements by September 21, 2018, our securities will be delisted 30 days from such date.   

Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations   

Governmental Policies and Incentives    

Government incentives continue to be one of the main drivers for developing wind energy
technology and increasing capacity. Although government support programs differ from country to country, a number of countries
have implemented incentive schemes, thus providing various types of subsidies to wind power developers and long-term tariffs. Historically,
we and our customers have benefited from fiscal incentives applicable to investments in the wind power industry by federal, state
and local governments in the U.S. and Europe. Changes in these policies have affected, and will continue to affect, the investment
plans of our customers and us, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

22  

There are certain feed-in-tariff regimes in Italy, the U.K. and certain states within
the U.S. supporting the installation and operation of distributed-class wind turbines. Published information from the U.K. indicates
that the feed-in-tariff rates and deployment caps by rated capacity have declined on a quarterly basis. The Italian authorities
have drafted a new law that is currently under review. The new law provides for a feed-in-tariff from the date of publication until
December 31, 2020. It is expected that the new law will be effective potentially in the fourth quarter of 2018, but potentially
in the first quarter of 2019. Although it is expected that the 2018-2020 feed-in-tariff will become effective by the fourth quarter
of 2018, there is no guarantee it will be approved and implemented in a timely manner or at favorable rates. 

In the U.S., the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 renewed Investment Tax Credits (ITC) for
renewal energy products that were left out of the 2015 legislation. For distributed wind projects there is a 30% ITC for projects
that begin prior to 2020, 26% ITC for projects that begin in 2020 and 22% ITC for projects that begin construction in 2021. 

Our third generation distributed turbine offers customers meaningfully improved economics
that make the turbines more relevant for regions that do not have economic incentives. As we continue sales in our core markets
we expect to continue to expand our product offering and sales force to increase our sales in other regions. 

Seasonality in Our Operations    

Wind turbine sales in the regions in which we currently sell our turbines are affected
by seasonal variations and the timing of government incentive structures. To satisfy the delivery schedules, we manufacture most
of our wind turbines during the second and third quarters of each year for delivery and installation in the third and fourth quarters.
This schedule is due primarily to the weather conditions, which are more favorable in these quarters for installation in northern
areas to which we supply most of our wind turbines. We expect that the seasonality will gradually lessen as we obtain more purchase
orders for sale of wind turbines in additional geographies. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements and, therefore,
should be read in conjunction with the Company s 2017 consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 000-55184). The consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2017 was derived from the Company s annual audited financial statements. The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the timing
and amount of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, and expenses reported and disclosed. Actual amounts could differ from these
estimates. All adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for
a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods, have been recorded. Actual amounts could differ from these estimates.
Due to differing business conditions and seasonality, operating results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in subsequent quarters or for the full year ending December 31,
2018. 

Significant Accounting Estimates   

We review all significant estimates affecting our consolidated financial statements on
a recurring basis and record the effects of any necessary adjustments prior to their publication. Uncertainties with respect to
such estimates and assumptions are inherent in the preparation of consolidated financial statements; accordingly, it is possible
that actual results could differ from those estimates and changes to estimates could occur in the near term. The preparation of
our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of the contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We use estimates and assumptions in accounting for
the following significant matters, among others: revenue recorded from licensing and development agreements; ability to realize
accounts receivable; and valuation of inventory, goodwill and long-lived assets, warranty reserves, deferred income tax assets,
share-based compensation and contingencies. 

23  

Results of Operations of the three months ended June 30, 2018 compared to the three
months ended June 30, 2017    

Overview   

Our general activity during the three months ended June 30, 2018 was primarily focused
on: exploring strategic alternative to bring additional capital into our business, working toward closing initial full scope energy
storage projects; developing sites for energy storage projects; expansion of our order backlog of distributed wind turbines in
key markets, especially the United States; and managing our supply chain as well as expenses. 

Our general activity during the three months ended June 30, 2017 was primarily focused
on: meeting the heavy backlog conversion demand driven by the Italian market wind feed-in-tariff stepdown that occurred on June
30, 2017, expansion of our order backlog of distributed wind turbines in key markets, especially Italy and the United States; expansion
of order backlog for FlexPhase power conversion technology used in battery-energy-storage and microgrid applications; expansion
of services offerings to include full turnkey wind turbine installations, and optimizing our supply chain and operating profile
to improve our margins. 

Revenue, Orders and Deferred Revenue (dollars in millions)    

Total revenues decreased by $15.6 million, or 88%, to $2.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2018
from $17.8 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017. Our overall backlog decreased to approximately $5 million at June
30, 2018 as compared to approximately $14 million at June 30, 2017. Our backlog of orders generally, but not always, converts to
revenue for us within a one-year period. The timing of such revenue recognition is impacted by customer specific installation
conditions such as site preparation and readiness by local utilities for grid connection. 

The decrease in revenue was primarily attributed to $14.8 million decrease in distributed-class
turbines sales and service revenue of $0.9 million partially offset by an increase in non-turbine sales of $0.1 million. We recognized
revenue on 4 units for the three months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to 74 units for the three months ended June 30, 2017. 

Our international revenue was $0.5 million and $17.2 million for the three months ended
June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, representing 23%, and 97% of our revenues for those periods, respectively. A portion of our
revenues were denominated in currencies other than our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, which decreased to 21% of total revenues
for the three months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to 97% of total revenues for the same period in 2017. Our revenues may be
denominated in euro and other non-U.S. dollar currencies over time as we continue to expand our international sales. We are
currently experiencing negative movement between the euro and the U.S. dollar, which has an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. 

During the three months ended June 30, 2018, we executed 0 new distributed-class turbine
sales orders. During the three months ended June 30, 2017, we executed 10 new distributed-class turbine sales orders. Our deferred
revenue balance at June 30, 2018 was $2.8 million which is included in the backlog value disclosed above. At June 30, 2017, such
balance was $3.8 million. 

Cost of Goods Sold and Cost of Service Revenues (dollars in millions)   

Cost of goods sold and cost of services revenues collectively decreased by $12.3 million or 87% in the three
months ended June 30, 2018 to $1.8 million as compared to $14.1 million in the three months ended June 30, 2017. The lower cost
of sales is primarily the result of 4 turbines units sold for the three months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to 74 units for
the same period in 2017. Our cost of product revenues was $1.2 million along with $0.6 million of related service costs for the
three months ended June 30, 2018 compared to $13.1 million for product sales and $1.0 million for related service costs for the
same period in 2017. 

Gross Margin (dollars in millions)    

Gross margin decreased $3.2 million in the three months ended June 30, 2018 to a
profit of $0.4 million as compared to a profit of $3.6 million in the three months ended June 30, 2017. 

This change was due to the $15.6 million decrease in revenues combined with the $12.3 million decrease in cost
of revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2018, primarily from a decrease in sales volume. 

24  

Operating Expenses    

Sales and Marketing   

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.2 million or 29% to $0.5 million from $0.7
million for the three months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017. The decrease in sales and marketing expense
is primarily from a reduction of $0.1 million in compensation and benefits expenses and $0.1 million in other sales and marketing
expenses. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development expenses decreased by $0.2 million or 40% to $0.3 million
from $0.5 million for the three months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017. The reduction in research and
development expense is primarily the result of a reduction in consulting expenses of $0.2 million during the three months ending
June 30, 2018. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses decreased by $0.6 million or 46% to $0.7 million
for the three months ended June 30, 2018 from $1.3 million for the same period in 2017. This decrease is principally due to $0.3
million reduction in compensation and benefits expense, $0.1 million decrease in professional fees and $0.2 million decrease in
other general and administrative expenses. 

Gain on Sale of Assets  

Gain on sale of assets was $0 for the three months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to
$0.2 million for the same period in 2017. This decrease reflects the reduction of units shipped by WEG related to the sales of
certain utility wind assets in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

(Loss) Income from Operations    

Our loss from operations increased by ($2.5) million to ($1.2) million for the three
months ended June 30, 2018 compared to income from operations of $1.3 million for the same period in 2017. The increase in
loss from operations is due to a decrease in gross profit offset by a reduction in operating expenses. 

Other (Expense)/Income and Income Tax Expense    

Other income increased $0.6 million to $0.2 million for the three months ended June 30,
2018 compared to other expense of $0.4 for the same period in 2017. The increase in other income is attributable to a change in
foreign currency gains of $0.6 million. 

Income tax expense was approximately $0 for the three months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017. 

Net (Loss) Income    

Net loss increased by ($1.9) million to ($1.0) million for the three months ending June
30, 2018 compared to net income of $0.9 million for the same period in 2017. 

Results of Operations of the six months ended June 30, 2018 compared to the
six months ended June 30, 2017    

Overview   

Our general activity during the six months ended June 30, 2018 was primarily focused
on: working toward closing initial full scope energy storage projects; developing sites for energy storage projects; expansion
of our order backlog of distributed wind turbines in key markets, especially the United States; managing our supply chain as well
as expenses; and exploring strategic alternative to bring additional capital into our business. 

Our general activity during the six months ended June 30, 2017 was primarily focused
on: meeting the heavy backlog conversion demand driven by the Italian market wind feed-in-tariff stepdown that occurred on June
30, 2017, expansion of our order backlog of distributed wind turbines in key markets, especially Italy and the United States; expansion
of order backlog for FlexPhase power conversion technology used in battery-energy-storage and microgrid applications; expansion
of services offerings to include full turnkey wind turbine installations, and optimizing our supply chain and operating profile
to improve our margins. 

25  

Revenue, Orders and Deferred Revenue (dollars in millions)

Total revenues decreased by $20.2 million, or 84%, to $3.8 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2018 from $24.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017. Our overall backlog decreased to approximately
$5 million at June 30, 2018 as compared to approximately $14 million at June 30, 2017. Our backlog of orders generally,
but not always, converts to revenue for us within a one-year period. The timing of such revenue recognition is impacted by
customer specific installation conditions such as site preparation and readiness by local utilities for grid connection. 

The decrease in revenue was primarily attributed to $19.9 million decrease in distributed-class
turbines sales along with a $1.0 million decrease in service revenue partially offset by $0.7 million increase in non-turbine revenue.
We recognized revenue on 4 units for the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to 98 units for the six months ended June 30,
2017. The decrease in turbine sales was driven by demand in the Italian market as customers were seeking to grid connect prior
to the June 30, 2017 reduction in the feed-in-tariff. The reduction of the feed-in-tariff, together with the delay and uncertainty
surrounding establishing a new Italian law regarding feed-in-tariff programs will likely be a continued slow Italian order rate
during the second half of the year. 

Our international revenue was $1.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018
as compared to $22.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017, representing 39% and 95% of our revenues for those periods,
respectively. A portion of our revenues continue to be denominated in currencies other than our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar,
which decreased to 38% of total revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to 95% of total revenues for the
same period in 2017. We are currently experiencing positive movement between the euro and the U.S. dollar, which has a favorable
effect on our revenue. 

During the six months ended June 30, 2018, we executed 5 new distributed-class turbine
sales orders. During the six months ended June 30, 2017, we executed 35 new distributed-class turbine sales orders. Our deferred
revenues balance at June 30, 2018 was $2.8 million which is included in the backlog value disclosed above. At June 30, 2017, such
balance was $3.8 million. 

Cost of Goods Product Revenues and Cost of Service Revenues (dollars
in millions)    

Cost of product revenues and cost of services revenues collectively decreased by $16.6 million or 85% in the
six months ended June 30, 2018 to $3.0 million as compared to $19.6 million in the six months ended June 30, 2017. The
lower cost of sales is the result of lower number of units sold for the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared to the same
period in 2017. Our cost of product revenues was $1.9 million along with $1.1 million of related service cost for the six months
ended June 30, 2018 compared to $17.8 million for product sales and $1.8 million for related service for the same period in 2017. 

Gross Profit (dollars in millions)    

Gross profit decreased $3.7 million in the six months ended June 30, 2018 to $0.7 as compared to $4.4 million
during the six months ended June 30, 2017. This change was due to a decrease in the volume of sales combined with a reduction in
product costs. 

Operating Expenses    

Sales and Marketing   

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.2 million or 15% to $1.1 million for the
six months ended June 30, 2018 from $1.3 million for the same period in 2017. This decrease is principally due to $0.1
million reduction in compensation and benefits and $0.1 million in other sales and marketing expenses resulting from cost cutting
efforts enacted during 2018. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development expenses decreased by $0.5 million or 45% to $0.6 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2018 from $1.1 million for the same period in 2017. The reduction in research and development
expense is primarily the result of certain research credits of $0.2 million and a decrease consulting of $0.2 million and $0.1
million reduction in other research and development expenses as a result. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses decreased by $0.7 million or 29% to $1.7 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2018 from $2.4 million for the same period in 2017. This decrease is principally due to
$0.5 million lower compensation and benefits expense, $0.1 million reduction in professional fees and $0.1 million lower other
general and administrative expenses resulting from successful cost cutting efforts in 2018. 

26  

Gain on Sale of Assets  

Gain on sale of assets was $0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018 as compared
to $0.4 million for the same period in 2017. This increase reflects the gain on the sales of certain utility wind assets in the
fourth quarter of 2016. 

Loss from Operations    

Our loss from operations increased by $2.6 million to $2.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018
compared to $0.1 million for the same period in 2017. The increase in loss from operations is due to a decrease in gross profit
partially offset by a reduction in operating expenses. 

Other (Expense)/Income and Income Tax Expense    

Other expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2018 decreased by $0.1 million
or 50% to $0.1 million as compared to $0.2 million for the same period in 2017. 

Income tax expense was approximately $0 for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017. 

Net Loss    

Net loss increased by $2.5 million, to $2.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018 from a net
loss of $0.3 million for the same period in 2017. The increase in our net loss for the six months ended June 30, 2018,
is primarily due to the increase in loss from operations. 

Liquidity    

As of June 30, 2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of $0.6 million of which $0.3
million was held by a foreign holding company and subsidiaries. We had cash and cash equivalents of $6.5 million of which $0.6
million was held by a foreign subsidiary for the same period in 2017. We have an existing cash plan which forecasts that we can
operate beyond one year from the date of the issuance of these financial statements. However, there is uncertainty as discussed
below. 

Historically, we have experienced recurring operating losses
and had an accumulated deficit of $179.9 million as of June 30, 2018. In addition, we have experienced recurring negative operating
cash flows, which have resulted in a decrease in our cash balance. If we continue to incur significant operating losses and fail
to generate significant revenues; and, if we are not able to renegotiate our line of credit to an adequate level within the forbearance
period the bank has granted us, we will not have the money to pay our ongoing expenses and we may be required to restructure our
business or go out of business. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. The
Company evaluated these conditions as well as actions taken to improve profitability. These actions included cost reductions by
reducing headcount and doing temporary furloughs, as well as restructuring management, reducing the cost of our core distributed
wind products, optimizing our supply chain, and monetizing certain of our utility wind assets. In addition, we have begun commercializing
our sales of our power converters, and full-scope energy storage solutions. 

In the fourth quarter of 2017, we increased our line of credit
from $2.0 million to $2.5 million and extended the maturity date from December 31, 2017 to June 30, 2019. Effective Jun 30, 2019,
we are in breach of certain of our bank covenants. In working with Comerica, our ability to borrow against our line of credit up
to the maximum supported by our borrowing-base was continued until on August 2, 2018 we executed a forbearance agreement with our
bank allowing us to borrow up to a maximum of $0.9 million through November 30, 2018. The Company will be working during this time
to execute a revised line of credit with our bank. On August 2, 2018 we completed a convertible note transaction raising an additional
$1.88 million. Subsequently on August 7, 2018, a further $0.12 million worth of convertible notes were closed, bringing the total
amount raised to $2.0 million. A further $0.75 million may also be raised under this transaction within the month of August 2018.
Despite our efforts, we cannot predict, with certainty that the outcome of our plans and actions will be successful to meet our
liquidity needs for the next twelve months from the issuance of the financial statements and as such, raise substantial doubt regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this
outcome of this uncertainty. 

27  

Operating Activities    

Cash used in operating activities consists of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash
items including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and changes in working capital and other activities. In
addition to the decrease in net loss, cash used in operations increased as described below as a result of working capital needs. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2018, net cash used in operating activities increased by $1.6 million to
$3.2 million from $1.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017. Cash used in operating activities for 2018 is primarily
due to the net loss of $2.8 million and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities resulting in a cash outflow of
$0.5 million. Included in these changes were a decrease of $0.9 million in accrued expenses, a decrease of $1.5 million in accounts
payable, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and unbilled revenue of $1.2 and a decrease in inventory and deferred
costs of $0.6 million. 

Investing Activities    

Net cash provided by investing activities was $0.5 million for the six months ended June
30, 2018 as compared to $2.3 million provided by investing activities for the same period in 2017. In the six months ended June
30, 2018 and 2017, we received proceeds related to the sales of certain utility wind assets of $0.5 million and $2.6 million, respectively.
In addition, 2017 also includes $0.3 million of property and equipment additions. 

Financing Activities    

For the six months ended June 30, 2018, net cash used in financing activities was $0.5
million compared to net cash provided by of $0.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017. For the six months ended June
30, 2018, we repaid $0.5 million on our revolving line of credit. We had borrowed $0.3 million against our working capital revolving
line of credit for the period ended June 30, 2017. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements and did not have any such arrangements
at June 30, 2018. 

Contractual Obligations    

As described below, we have no long-term debt obligations as of June 30, 2018 and December 31,
2017. We have $1.0 million outstanding on our working capital revolving line of credit and $0 outstanding on our performance letter
of credit and warranty guarantee, as of June 30, 2018, which is described below in the Comerica Credit Facility section. In addition,
we have leased our headquarters and production facility which expires in July of 2020. 

Comerica Credit Facility   

In December 2017, the Company amended its foreign working capital revolving line of credit
with Comerica to extend the maturity date of December 31, 2017 to June 30, 2019. The line of credit maximum availability was increased
from $2,000 to $2,500, with the available borrowing base being limited to the amount of collateral available at the time the line
is drawn. This line is guaranteed by the U.S. Export-Import Bank, as well as by the assets of the Company. As of June 30, 2018,
we had $1.0 million outstanding on the working capital revolving line of credit. At June 30, 2018, we had exceeded the maximum
supported borrowing base by $0.1 million. The excess borrowing will be repaid subsequent to the quarter end and is not a non-compliance
event. 

The loan agreement with Comerica contains a financial covenant which requires us to
maintain unencumbered liquid assets having a value of at least $1.0 million at all times. At June 30, 2018, we had become non-compliant
with this requirement. We had unencumbered liquid assets having a value of $0.3 million. 

As of June 30, 2018, we were not in compliance with the liquid asset covenant contained
in our working capital line of credit. As of August 2, 2018 we executed a forbearance agreement with Comerica allowing us to borrow
up to $0.9 million with no requirement to maintain a minimum unencumbered liquid asset value through November 30, 2018. 

28  

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     

Not applicable for Smaller Reporting Company as defined by 229.10(f)(1)   

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures     

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our management, with the participation of our Co-Interim Chief Executive Officers
and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2018. The
term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act,
means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a
company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our management, after evaluating the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the evaluation date, concluded that as of the evaluation date, our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting as discussed below. 

As more fully set forth in Part II Item 9A,
 Controls and Procedures,  of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2017, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
December 31, 2017  because we identified four material weaknesses. Specifically, we had (a) inadequate and ineffective
controls for reviewing and analyzing revenue transactions related to certain international turbine sales that remained in
logistics warehouses while certain logistics events were completed, (b) inadequate and ineffective controls for reviewing and
analyzing complex or non-routine transactions, (c) ineffective controls for identifying and accounting for Performance
Guarantee Program (PGP) revenue, and (d) inadequate and ineffective controls over the implementation and transition related
to the adoption of ASU 2014-09. Additionally, as of June 30, 2018, management identified a fifth material weakness.
Specifically, due to the loss of certain key financial reporting personnel, we had inadequate resources to effectively review
and ensure timely closing of books and financial reporting.  The
Company continues to make enhancements to existing internal controls, to improve the quality and timing of the accounting
close process and is in the process of assessing the resource needs of the department and engaging the appropriate accounting
and financial expertise. Further work, however, is required to develop appropriate operational and procedural controls and in
our review process to provide reasonable assurance that our financial controls over financial reporting are designed in the
most effective and efficient manner possible. Therefore, while we are working to remediate the material weaknesses,
additional work is required to reasonably assure that certain controls are operating effectively and in a timely manner. We
expect to continue to undertake these actions as appropriate throughout 2018.  

The Audit Committee is monitoring management s continuing
development and implementation of its remediation plan. In addition, under the direction of the Audit Committee, management will
continue to review and make necessary changes to the overall design of our internal control environment, as well as the continued
development of policies and procedures to improve the overall effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

Based on the evaluation of our financial reporting controls,
our Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, our financial reporting controls
were not effective as of June 30, 2018. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial
controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating
effectively. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

As discussed above, during the three months ended June 30, 2018, and
subsequently, the Company lost additional financial reporting resources. Specifically, the Company has lost several important
members of its accounting and financial reporting functions and is therefore reliant on contract resources and certain
re-positioned resources within the business to complete its financial reporting. This has impacted segregation of duties and
resulted in gaps in our internal controls processes and procedures. The Company  is
in the process of assessing the resource needs of the department and engaging the appropriate accounting and financial
expertise, but the current reduction in personnel has resulted in delays in the closing of the books and filing of the Form
10-Q . 

29  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings     

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge,
is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings, incidental
to the normal course of our business. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not
expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors     

In addition to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 000-55184) filed with the SEC on April 2, 2018, the Company discloses: 

That common stock is traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange ( TSX ) and the Company
must satisfy certain listing requirements for continued listing on the TSX, including the requirement that the market value of
 publicly held  shares of the Company are at least $3.0 million.  Since mid-April 2018, the Company s market
capitalization has been under $3.0 million. If this continues for 30 consecutive business days, the TSX will notify the Company
that the Company does not currently meet the TSX s requirement for continued listing requirements. The TSX provides companies
with 120 calendar days to regain compliance with this continued rule. If our stock is delisted from the TSX, some investors may
find our common shares less attractive, the trading market for our common shares may be limited and our share price may be more
volatile and further depressed. If TSX notifies the Company of non-compliance with respect to the market capitalization listing
requirement or any other listing requirement, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance or that
the Company will be able to maintain its TSX listing.    

That on May 29, 2018, Comerica informed that the Company is currently not in compliance with two covenants (collectively, the
 Covenants ) under that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and between the Company and Comerica
dated December 31, 2013 and as amended (the  Loan ).  On August 2, 2018, the Company entered into a Subordinated
Convertible Note Purchase Agreement with certain investors under the financial hardship exemption available to companies listed
on the TSX under certain circumstances (the  Financing ).  In connection with the financing, the Company and Comerica
Bank entered into a Forbearance Agreement and Comerica agreed to among other things, to forbear existing defaults and non-compliance
under the Loan through end of November 2018.  The Company intends to continue to work with Comerica to obtain a waiver relating
to the Company s compliance with the two Covenants and/or explore with Comerica amending the Loan, including the Covenants,
to facilitate the Company s compliance with its obligations under the Loan.  There can be no assurances that the Company
will regain compliance with respect to the Covenants during the forbearance period or that the Comerica will waive the violation
of the Covenants or any future covenant violations under the Loan or agree to amend the terms of the Loan.    

That the Trump Administration recently imposed a 25% tariff on steel imports and such tariffs may increase the price of steel
and various steel components, including the towers used in the construction and deployment of our wind turbines. The increased
cost of our turbines, if any, could negatively impact sales and our revenue and results of operations may be harmed.   

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

None 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities     

None 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures     

Not applicable 

Item 5.    Other Information     

None 

30  

Item 6.    Exhibits     

See the Exhibit Index on the page immediately preceding the exhibits for a list of exhibits
filed as part of this quarterly report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by this reference. 

31  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Northern Power Systems Corp.    

(Registrant)   

Date: August 16, 2018  
       
      By:  
     
          /s/ William St. Lawrence  

William St. Lawrence   

Co- interim Chief Executive Officer 
          
         (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: August 16, 2018  
       
      By:  
     
          /s/ Reinout G. Oussoren  

Reinout G. Oussoren   

Co-interim Chief Executive Officer 
          
         (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: August 16, 2018  
       
      By:  
     
          /s/ Ciel R. Caldwell  

Ciel R. Caldwell   

Chief Financial Officer 
          
         (Principal Financial Officer) 

32  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

*  Furnished herewith

**  Submitted electronically
                                         herewith    

Attached as Exhibits 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible
Business Reporting Language): (i)  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2018 (unaudited) and December 31, 2017
and (ii)  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and six months ended June 30,
2018 and 2017 (unaudited), (iii)  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity for the six months ended
June 30, 2018 (unaudited), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2017 (unaudited),
and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited). 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, William St. Lawrence, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Northern Power Systems Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 16, 2018  
       
       By:   
       /s/ William St. Lawrence    

William St. Lawrence 
          
         Co-interim Chief Executive Officer 
          
         (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: August 16, 2018  
       
       By:   
       /s/ Reinout G. Oussoren     

Reinout G. Oussoren 
          
         Co-interim Chief Executive Officer 
          
         (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, Ciel R. Caldwell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Northern Power Systems Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 16, 2018 
      By:  
      /s/ Ciel R. Caldwell  

Ciel R. Caldwell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Northern
Power Systems Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, William St. Lawrence, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 16, 2018  
       
       By:   
     
          /s/ William St. Lawrence  

William St. Lawrence  

Co-interim Chief Executive Officer 
          
         (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: August 16, 2018  
       
       By:   
     
          /s/ Reinout G. Oussoren  

Reinout G. Oussoren   

Co-interim Chief Executive Officer 
          
         (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exh_322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS CORP.   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Northern
Power Systems Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ciel R. Caldwell, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 16, 2018 
      By:  
      /s/ Ciel R. Caldwell  

Ciel R. Caldwell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nps-20180630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nps-20180630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nps-20180630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nps-20180630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nps-20180630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nps-20180630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

